
      “Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”    ―    Dr. Seuss
      “When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it--always.”    ―    Mahatma Gandhi
      “Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.”    ―    Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
      “You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.”    ―    Jonathan Safran Foer
      “I didn't want to wake up. I was having a much better time asleep. And that's really sad. It was almost like a reverse nightmare, like when you wake up from a nightmare you're so relieved. I woke up into a nightmare.”    ―    Ned Vizzini,    It's Kind of a Funny Story  
      “What you must understand about me is that I’m a deeply unhappy person.”    ―    John Green,    Looking for Alaska
      “Why do people have to be this lonely? What's the point of it all? Millions of people in this world, all of them yearning, looking to others to satisfy them, yet isolating themselves. Why? Was the earth put here just to nourish human loneliness?”    ―    Haruki Murakami,    Sputnik Sweetheart
      “They say when you are missing someone that they are probably feeling the same, but I don't think it's possible for you to miss me as much as I'm missing you right now”    ―    Edna St. Vincent Millay
      “Imagine smiling after a slap in the face. Then think of doing it twenty-four hours a day.”    ―    Markus Zusak,    The Book Thief
      “Tonight I can write the saddest linesI loved her, and sometimes she loved me too.”    ―    Pablo Neruda,    Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair
      “The longer and more carefully we look at a funny story, the sadder it becomes.”    ―    Nikolai Gogol
      “Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness. They are a sign of a pure heart.”    ―    José N. Harris,    MI VIDA: A Story of Faith, Hope and Love
      “Don't cry over someone who wouldn't cry over you.”    ―    Lauren Conrad
      “He awoke each morning with the desire to do right, to be a good and meaningful person, to be, as simple as it sounded and as impossible as it actually was, happy. And during the course of each day his heart would descend from his chest into his stomach. By early afternoon he was overcome by the feeling that nothing was right, or nothing was right for him, and by the desire to be alone. By evening he was fulfilled: alone in the magnitude of his grief, alone in his aimless guilt, alone even in his loneliness. I am not sad, he would repeat to himself over and over, I am not sad. As if he might one day convince himself. Or fool himself. Or convince others--the only thing worse than being sad is for others to know that you are sad. I am not sad. I am not sad. Because his life had unlimited potential for happiness, insofar as it was an empty white room. He would fall asleep with his heart at the foot of his bed, like some domesticated animal that was no part of him at all. And each morning he would wake with it again in the cupboard of his rib cage, having become a little heavier, a little weaker, but still pumping. And by the midafternoon he was again overcome with the desire to be somewhere else, someone else, someone else somewhere else. I am not sad.”    ―    Jonathan Safran Foer,    Everything Is Illuminated
      “When God Created Mothers"When the Good Lord was creating mothers, He was into His sixth day of "overtime" when the angel appeared and said. "You're doing a lot of fiddling around on this one." And God said, "Have you read the specs on this order?" She has to be completely washable, but not plastic. Have 180 moveable parts...all replaceable. Run on black coffee and leftovers. Have a lap that disappears when she stands up. A kiss that can cure anything from a broken leg to a disappointed love affair. And six pairs of hands." The angel shook her head slowly and said. "Six pairs of hands.... no way." It's not the hands that are causing me problems," God remarked, "it's the three pairs of eyes that mothers have to have." That's on the standard model?" asked the angel. God nodded. One pair that sees through closed doors when she asks, 'What are you kids doing in there?' when she already knows. Another here in the back of her head that sees what she shouldn't but what she has to know, and of course the ones here in front that can look at a child when he goofs up and say. 'I understand and I love you' without so much as uttering a word." God," said the angel touching his sleeve gently, "Get some rest tomorrow...." I can't," said God, "I'm so close to creating something so close to myself. Already I have one who heals herself when she is sick...can feed a family of six on one pound of hamburger...and can get a nine year old to stand under a shower." The angel circled the model of a mother very slowly. "It's too soft," she sighed. But tough!" said God excitedly. "You can imagine what this mother can do or endure." Can it think?" Not only can it think, but it can reason and compromise," said the Creator. Finally, the angel bent over and ran her finger across the cheek. There's a leak," she pronounced. "I told You that You were trying to put too much into this model." It's not a leak," said the Lord, "It's a tear." What's it for?" It's for joy, sadness, disappointment, pain, loneliness, and pride." You are a genius, " said the angel. Somberly, God said, "I didn't put it there.”    ―    Erma Bombeck,    When God Created Mothers
      “Why do beautiful songs make you sad?' 'Because they aren't true.' 'Never?' 'Nothing is beautiful and true.”    ―    Jonathan Safran Foer,    Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close
      “there are two types of people in the world: those who prefer to be sad among others, and those who prefer to be sad alone.”    ―    Nicole Krauss,    The History of Love
      “Tears are words that need to be written.”    ―    Paulo Coelho
      “She was a genius of sadness, immersing herself in it, separating its numerous strands, appreciating its subtle nuances. She was a prism through which sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum.”    ―    Jonathan Safran Foer,    Everything Is Illuminated
      “There is no point treating a depressed person as though she were just feeling sad, saying, 'There now, hang on, you'll get over it.' Sadness is more or less like a head cold- with patience, it passes. Depression is like cancer.”    ―    Barbara Kingsolver,    The Bean Trees
      “I can't eat and I can't sleep. I'm not doing well in terms of being a functional human, you know?”    ―    Ned Vizzini,    It's Kind of a Funny Story
      “I'm lonely. And I'm lonely in some horribly deep way and for a flash of an instant, I can see just how lonely, and how deep this feeling runs. And it scares the shit out of me to be this lonely because it seems catastrophic.”    ―    Augusten Burroughs,    Dry
      “Don't be ashamed to weep; 'tis right to grieve.  Tears are only water, and flowers, trees, and fruit cannot grow without water.  But there must be sunlight also.  A wounded heart will heal in time, and when it does, the memory and love of our lost ones is sealed inside to comfort us.”    ―    Brian Jacques,    Taggerung
      “Ho! Ho! Ho! To the bottle I goTo heal my heart and drown my woeRain may fall, and wind may blowAnd many miles be still to goBut under a tall tree will I lieAnd let the clouds go sailing by”    ―    J.R.R. Tolkien
      “any fool can be happy. It takes a man with real heart to make beauty out of the stuff that makes us weep.”    ―    Clive Barker,    Days of Magic, Nights of War
      “The worst type of crying wasn't the kind everyone could see--the wailing on street corners, the tearing at clothes. No, the worst kind happened when your soul wept and no matter what you did, there was no way to comfort it. A section withered and became a scar on the part of your soul that survived. For people like me and Echo, our souls contained more scar tissue than life.”    ―    Katie McGarry,    Pushing the Limits
      “Ester asked why people are sad."That’s simple," says the old man. "They are the prisoners of their personal history. Everyone believes that the main aim in life is to follow a plan. They never ask if that plan is theirs or if it was created by another person. They accumulate experiences, memories, things, other people's ideas, and it is more than they can possibly cope with. And that is why they forget their dreams.”    ―    Paulo Coelho,    The Zahir
      “Sigh no more, ladies, sigh no more,Men were deceivers ever,-One foot in sea and one on shore,To one thing constant never.”    ―    William Shakespeare,    Much Ado About Nothing
      “I don’t know what they are called, the spaces between seconds– but I think of you always in those intervals.”    ―    Salvador Plascencia,    The People of Paper
      “Nothing can cure the soul but the senses, just as nothing can cure the senses but the soul.”    ―    Oscar Wilde,    The Picture of Dorian Gray
      “There is some kind of a sweet innocence in being human- in not having to be just happy or just sad- in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time.”    ―    C. JoyBell C.
      “What, if some day or night a demon were to steal after you into your loneliest loneliness and say to you: 'This life as you now live it and have lived it, you will have to live once more and innumerable times more' ... Would you not throw yourself down and gnash your teeth and curse the demon who spoke thus? Or have you once experienced a tremendous moment when you would have answered him: 'You are a god and never have I heard anything more divine.”    ―    Friedrich Nietzsche,    The Gay Science: with a Prelude in Rhymes and an Appendix of Songs  
      “Emotions, in my experience, aren't covered by single words. I don't believe in "sadness," "joy," or "regret." Maybe the best proof that the language is patriarchal is that it oversimplifies feeling. I'd like to have at my disposal complicated hybrid emotions, Germanic train-car constructions like, say, "the happiness that attends disaster." Or: "the disappointment of sleeping with one's fantasy." I'd like to show how "intimations of mortality brought on by aging family members" connects with "the hatred of mirrors that begins in middle age." I'd like to have a word for "the sadness inspired by failing restaurants" as well as for "the excitement of getting a room with a minibar." I've never had the right words to describe my life, and now that I've entered my story, I need them more than ever. ”    ―    Jeffrey Eugenides,    Middlesex
      “Percy, let me go" she croaked. "You can't pull me up."His face was white with effort. She could see in his eyes that he knew it was hopeless."Never," he said. He looked up at Nico, fifteen feet above. "The other side, Nico! We'll see you there. Understand?"Nico's eyes widened. "But-""Lead them!" Percy shouted. "Promise me!""I-I will."Below them, the voice laughed in the darkness. Sacrifices. Beautiful sacrifices to wake the goddess. Percy tightened his grip on Annabeth's wrist. His face was gaunt, scraped and bloody, his hair dusted with cobwebs, but when he locked eyes with her, she thought he had never looked more handsome."We're staying together," he promised. "You're not getting away from me. Never again."Only then did she understand what would happen. A one-way trip. A very hard fall."As long as we're together," she said.She heard Nico and Hazel still screaming for help. She saw sunlight far, far above- maybe the last sunlight she would ever see.Then Percy let go of his ledge, and together, holding hands, he and Annabeth fell into the endless darkness.”    ―    Rick Riordan,    The Mark of Athena
      “I waste at least an hour every day lying in bed. Then I waste time pacing. I waste time thinking. I waste time being quiet and not saying anything because I'm afraid I'll stutter.”    ―    Ned Vizzini,    It's Kind of a Funny Story
      “Was I bitter? Absolutely. Hurt? You bet your sweet ass I was hurt. Who doesn't feel a part of their heart break at rejection. You ask yourself every question you can think of, what, why, how come, and then your sadness turns to anger. That's my favorite part. It drives me, feeds me, and makes one hell of a story.”    ―    Jennifer Salaiz
      “When you've suffered a great deal in life, each additional pain is both unbearable and trifling.”    ―    Yann Martel,    Life of Pi
      “Nothing thicker than a knife's blade separates happiness from melancholy.”    ―    Virginia Woolf,    Orlando
      “Someday, we’ll run into each other again, I know it.Maybe I’ll be older and smarter and just plain better. If that happens,that’s when I’ll deserve you. But now, at this moment, you can’t hook your boat to mine, because I’m liable to sink us both.”    ―    Gabrielle Zevin,    Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac
      “My sister will die over and over again for the rest of my life. Grief is forever. It doesn't go away; it becomes a part of you, step for step, breath for breath. I will never stop grieving Bailey because I will never stop loving her. That's just how it is. Grief and love are conjoined, you don't get one without the other. All I can do is love her, and love the world, emulate her by living with daring and spirit and joy.”    ―    Jandy Nelson,    The Sky is Everywhere
      “I said uselessly, "Sam, don't go."Sam cupped my face in his hands and looked me in the eyes. His eyes were yellow, sad, wolf, mine. "These stay the same. Remember that when you look at me. Remember it's me. Please.”    ―    Maggie Stiefvater,    Shiver
      “Sadness gives depth. Happiness gives height. Sadness gives roots. Happiness gives branches. Happiness is like a tree going into the sky, and sadness is like the roots going down into the womb of the earth. Both are needed, and the higher a tree goes, the deeper it goes, simultaneously. The bigger the tree, the bigger will be its roots. In fact, it is always in proportion. That's its balance.”    ―    Osho,    Everyday Osho: 365 Daily Meditations for the Here and Now
      “I can write the saddest poem of all tonight. Write, for instance: "The night is full of stars, and the stars, blue, shiver in the distance." The night wind whirls in the sky and sings. I can write the saddest poem of all tonight. I loved her, and sometimes she loved me too. On nights like this, I held her in my arms. I kissed her so many times under the infinite sky. She loved me, sometimes I loved her. How could I not have loved her large, still eyes? I can write the saddest poem of all tonight. To think I don't have her. To feel that I've lost her. To hear the immense night, more immense without her. And the poem falls to the soul as dew to grass. What does it matter that my love couldn't keep her. The night is full of stars and she is not with me. That's all. Far away, someone sings. Far away. My soul is lost without her. As if to bring her near, my eyes search for her. My heart searches for her and she is not with me. The same night that whitens the same trees. We, we who were, we are the same no longer. I no longer love her, true, but how much I loved her. My voice searched the wind to touch her ear. Someone else's. She will be someone else's. As she once belonged to my kisses. Her voice, her light body. Her infinite eyes. I no longer love her, true, but perhaps I love her. Love is so short and oblivion so long. Because on nights like this I held her in my arms, my soul is lost without her. Although this may be the last pain she causes me, and this may be the last poem I write for her.”    ―    Pablo Neruda
      “Give sorrow words; the grief that does not speak knits up the o-er wrought heart and bids it break.”    ―    William Shakespeare,    Macbeth
      “Tears, idle tears, I know not what they mean, Tears from the depths of some devine despairRise in the heart, and gather to the eyes, In looking on the happy autumn fields, And thinking of the days that are no more.”    ―    Alfred Lord Tennyson
      “So it’s true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love.”    ―    E.A. Bucchianeri,    Brushstrokes of a Gadfly
      “I didn't know why I was going to cry, but I knew that if anybody spoke to me or looked at me too closely the tears would fly out of my eyes and the sobs would fly out of the throat and I'd cry for a week.”    ―    Sylvia Plath,    The Bell Jar
      “I hope no one who reads this book has been quite as miserable as Susan and Lucy were that night; but if you have been - if you've been up all night and cried till you have no more tears left in you - you will know that there comes in the end a sort of quietness. You feel as if nothing is ever going to happen again.”    ―    C.S. Lewis,    The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe
      “But when I do feel all the strength go out of me, and I fall to my knees beside the table and I think I cry, then, or at least I want to, and everything inside me screams for just one more kiss, one more word, one more glance, one more.”    ―    Veronica Roth,    Allegiant
      “Life is not a PG feel-good movie. Real life often ends badly. Literature tries to document this reality, while showing us it is still possible for us to endure nobly.”    ―    Matthew Quick,    The Silver Linings Playbook
      “Issac:"I dislike living in a world without Augustus Waters."Computer: "I don't understand-"Issac: "Me neither. Pause”    ―    John Green,    The Fault in Our Stars
      “Depression is the most unpleasant thing I have ever experienced. . . .  It is that absence of being able to envisage that you will ever be cheerful again.  The absence of hope.  That very deadened feeling, which is so very different from feeling sad.  Sad hurts but it's a healthy feeling.  It is a necessary thing to feel.  Depression is very different.”    ―    J.K. Rowling
      “If our destiny stems from our name, then I weep for the flower named Wilt.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    It Occurred to Me
      “Sometimes we get sad about things and we don't like to tell other people that we are sad about them. We like to keep it a secret. Or sometimes, we are sad but we really don't know why we are sad, so we say we aren't sad but we really are.”    ―    Mark Haddon,    The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time
      “There are moments when I wish I could roll back the clock and take all the sadness away, but I have the feeling that if I did, the joy would be gone as well.”    ―    Nicholas Sparks,    A Walk to Remember
      “I am always sad, I think. Perhaps this signifies that I am not sad at all, because sadness is something lower than your normal disposition, and I am always the same thing. Perhaps I am the only person in the world, then, who never becomes sad. Perhaps I am lucky.”    ―    Jonathan Safran Foer,    Everything Is Illuminated
      “The way sadness works is one of the strange riddles of the world. If you are stricken with a great sadness, you may feel as if you have been set aflame, not only because of the enormous pain, but also because your sadness may spread over your life, like smoke from an enormous fire. You might find it difficult to see anything but your own sadness, the way smoke can cover a landscape so that all anyone can see is black. You may find that if someone pours water all over you, you are damp and distracted, but not cured of your sadness, the way a fire department can douse a fire but never recover what has been burnt down.”    ―    Lemony Snicket,    The Bad Beginning
      “There you go...let it all slide out. Unhappiness can't stick in a person's soul when it's slick with tears.”    ―    Shannon Hale,    Princess Academy
      “The only sadnesses that are dangerous and unhealthy are the ones that we carry around in public in order to drown them out with the noise; like diseases that are treated superficially and foolishly, they just withdraw and after a short interval break out again all the more terribly; and gather inside us and are life, are life that is unlived, rejected, lost, life that we can die of.”    ―    Rainer Maria Rilke,    Letters to a Young Poet
      “If a man cannot understand the beauty of life, it is probably because life never understood the beauty in him.”    ―    Criss Jami,    Killosophy
      “I'm fine. Well, I'm not fine - I'm here.""Is there something wrong with that?""Absolutely.”    ―    Ned Vizzini,    It's Kind of a Funny Story  
      “I was in the biggest breakdown of my life when I stopped crying long enough to let the words of my epiphany really sink in. That whore, karma, had finally made her way around, and had just bitch-slapped me right across the face. The realization only made me cry harder.”    ―    Jennifer Salaiz
      “I am in that temper that if I were under water I would scarcely kick to come to the top.”    ―    John Keats
      “I am intrigued by the smile upon your face, and the sadness within your eyes”    ―    Jeremy Aldana
      “Some people are just not meant to be in this world. It's just too much for them.”    ―    Phoebe Stone,    The Boy on Cinnamon Street
      “She had loved him for such a long time, she thought. How was it that she did now know him at all?”    ―    Cassandra Clare,    Clockwork Prince
      “And perhaps there is a limit to the grieving that the human heart can do. As when one adds salt to a tumbler of water, there comes a point where simply no more will be absorbed.”    ―    Sarah Waters,    The Little Stranger
      “A void in my chest was beginning to fill with anger. Quiet, defeated anger that guaranteed me the right to my hurt, that believed no one could possibly understand that hurt.”    ―    Rachel Sontag,    House Rules
      “He is the most beautiful creature I have ever seen and it's not about his face, but the life force I can see in him. It's the smile and the pure promise of everything he has to offer. Like he's saying, 'Here I am world, are you ready for so much passion and beauty and goodness and love and every other word that should be in the dictionary under the word life?' Except this boy is dead, and the unnaturalness of it makes me want to pull my hair out with Tate and Narnie and Fitz and Jude's grief all combined. It makes me want to yell at the God that I wish I didn't believe in. For hogging him all to himself. I want to say, 'You greedy God. Give him back. I needed him here.”    ―    Melina Marchetta,    On the Jellicoe Road
      “I went to bed and woke in the middle of the night thinking I heard someone cry, thinking I myself was weeping, and I felt my face and it was dry.Then I looked at the window and thought: Why, yes, it's just the rain, the rain, always the rain, and turned over, sadder still, and fumbled about for my dripping sleep and tried to slip it back on.”    ―    Ray Bradbury,    Green Shadows, White Whale: A Novel of Ray Bradbury's Adventures Making Moby Dick with John Huston in Ireland
      “I did not know how to reach him, how to catch up with him... The land of tears is so mysterious.”    ―    Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,    The Little Prince
      “I went to a tattoo parlor and had YES written onto the palm of my left hand, and NO onto my right palm, what can I say, it hasn't made my life wonderful, its made life possible, when I rub my hands against each other in the middle of winter I am warming myself with the friction of YES and NO, when I clap my hands I am showing my appreciation through the uniting and parting of YES and NO, I signify "book" by peeling open my hands, every book, for me, is the balance of YES and NO, even this one, my last one, especially this one. Does it break my heart, of course, every moment of every day, into more pieces than my heart was made of, I never thought of myself as quiet, much less silent, I never thought about things at all, everything changed, the distance that wedged itself between me and my happiness wasn't the world, it wasn't the bombs and burning buildings, it was me, my thinking, the cancer of never letting go, is ignorance bliss, I don't know, but it's so painful to think, and tell me, what did thinking ever do for me, to what great place did thinking ever bring me? I think and think and think, I've thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.”    ―    Jonathan Safran Foer
      “When you do something noble and beautiful and nobody noticed, do not be sad. For the sun every morning is a beautiful spectacle and yet most of the audience still sleeps.”    ―    John Lennon
      “Tears are words the mouth can't say nor can the heart bare.”    ―    Joshua Wisenbaker
      “You know all that sympathy that you feel for an abused child who suffers without a good mom or dad to love and care for them? Well, they don't stay children forever. No one magically becomes an adult the day they turn eighteen. Some people grow up sooner, many grow up later. Some never really do. But just remember that some people in this world are older versions of those same kids we cry for.”    ―    Ashly Lorenzana
      “Are the days of winter sunshine just as sad for you, too? When it is misty, in the evenings, and I am out walking by myself, it seems to me that the rain is falling through my heart and causing it to crumble into ruins.”    ―    Gustave Flaubert
      “But what was there to say?Only that there were tears. Only that Quietness and Emptiness fitted together like stacked spoons. Only that there was a snuffling in the hollows at the base of a lovely throat. Only that a hard honey-colored shoulder had a semicircle of teethmarks on it. Only that they held each other close, long after it was over. Only that what they shared that night was not happiness, but hideous grief.Only that once again they broke the Love Laws. That lay down who should be loved. And how. And how much.”    ―    Arundhati Roy,    The God of Small Things
      “From the moment we are born, we begin to die.”    ―    Janne Teller,    Nothing
      “There is no beauty in sadness. No honor in suffering. No growth in fear. No relief in hate. It’s just a waste of perfectly good happiness.”    ―    Katerina Stoykova Klemer
      “You can't keep the birds of sadness from flying over your head, but you can keep them from nesting in your hair.”    ―    Sharon Creech,    Walk Two Moons
      “Oh, sometimes I think it is of no use to make friends. They only go out of your life after awhile and leave a hurt that is worse than the emptiness before they came.”    ―    L.M. Montgomery,    Anne of Avonlea
      “Sometimes you weren't supposed to share pain.  Sometimes it was best just to deal with it alone.”    ―    Sarah Addison Allen,    The Sugar Queen
      “Suddenly this defeat.This rain.The blues gone grayAnd the browns gone grayAnd yellowA terrible amber.In the cold streetsYour warm body.In whatever roomYour warm body.Among all the peopleYour absenceThe people who are alwaysNot you.I have been easy with treesToo long.Too familiar with mountains.Joy has been a habit.NowSuddenlyThis rain.”    ―    Jack Gilbert
      “What greater thing is there for two human souls, than to feel that they are joined for life--to strengthen each other in all labor, to rest on each other in all sorrow, to minister to each other in all pain, to be one with each other in silent unspeakable memories at the moment of the last parting?”    ―    George Eliot,    Adam Bede
      “I saw the world in black and white instead of the vibrant colours and shades I knew existed.”    ―    Katie McGarry,    Pushing the Limits
      “It always is harder to be left behind than to be the one to go...”    ―    Brock Thoene,    Shiloh Autumn
      “My people are few. They resemble the scattering trees of a storm-swept plain...There was a time when our people covered the land as the waves of a wind-ruffled sea cover its shell-paved floor, but that time long since passed away with the greatness of tribes that are now but a mournful memory.”    ―    Chief Seattle,    The Chief Seattle's Speech
      “I couldn’t be with people and I didn’t want to be alone. Suddenly my perspective whooshed and I was far out in space, watching the world. I could see millions and millions of people, all slotted into their lives; then I could see me—I’d lost my place in the universe. It had closed up and there was nowhere for me to be. I was more lost than I had known it was possible for any human being to be.”    ―    Marian Keyes,    Anybody Out There?
      “She knew I could tell with one glance, one look, one simple instant. It was her eyes. Despite the thick makeup, they were still dark-rimmed., haunted, and sad. Most of all though, they were familiar. The fact that we were in front of hundreds of strangers changed nothing at all. I'd spent a summer with those same eyes-scared, lost, confused-staring back at me. I would have known them anywhere.”    ―    Sarah Dessen,    Just Listen
      “أنا مُبتلَى بيـا نسبة نجاة معدومة في الميةمقطوم في القلب ناب يارب . . طبطب عليا”    ―    أحمد العايدي
      “I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints.”    ―    Billy Joel
      “SADNESS OF THE INTELLECT: Sadness of being misunderstood [sic]; Humor sadness; Sadness of love wit[hou]t release; Sadne[ss of be]ing smart; Sadness of not knowing enough words to [express what you mean]; Sadness of having options; Sadness of wanting sadness; Sadness of confusion; Sadness of domes[tic]ated birds, Sadness of fini[shi]ng a book; Sadness of remembering; Sadness of forgetting; Anxiety sadness...”    ―    Jonathan Safran Foer,    Everything Is Illuminated  
      “How should we be able to forget those ancient myths that are at the beginning of all peoples, the myths about dragons that at the last moment turn into princesses; perhaps all the dragons of our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us once beautiful and brave.  Perhaps everything terrible is in its deepest being something helpless that wants help from us.So you must not be frightened if a sadness rises up before you larger than any you have ever seen; if a restiveness, like light and cloudshadows, passes over your hands and over all you do.  You must think that something is happening with you, that life has not forgotten you, that it holds you in its hand; it will not let you fall. Why do you want to shut out of your life any uneasiness, any miseries, or any depressions?  For after all, you do not know what work these conditions are doing inside you.”    ―    Rainer Maria Rilke,    Letters to a Young Poet
      “If you desire healing,let yourself fall illlet yourself fall ill.”    ―    Rumi
      “Even a fool recognizes that there is great sadness in a bucket of tears. But only a wise man thinks to conserve water and use that bucket to wash his car.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    Great Listener Series Mute Women
      “One need not be a chamber to be haunted.”    ―    Emily Dickinson,    The Complete Poems
      “It seemed silly to wash one day when I would only have to wash again the next.It made me tired just to think of it.”    ―    Sylvia Plath,    The Bell Jar
      “I think there is something beautiful in reveling in sadness. The proof is how beautiful sad songs can be. So I don’t think being sad is to be avoided. It’s apathy and boredom you want to avoid. But feeling anything is good, I think. Maybe that’s sadistic of me.”    ―    Joseph Gordon-Levitt
      “Now something so sad has hold of us that the breath leaves and we can't even cry.”    ―    Charles Bukowski,    You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense
      “Sadness is but a wall between two gardens.”    ―    Kahlil Gibran,    Sand and Foam
      “I have been smashed and put back together so many times nothing works right. Nothing is where it should be, heavy thumping in my shoulder where my heart now beats.”    ―    Elizabeth Scott,    Living Dead Girl
      “It is a grave injustice to a child or adult to insist that they stop crying. One can comfort a person who is crying which enables him to relax and makes further crying unnecessary; but to humiliate a crying child is to increase his pain, and augment his rigidity. We stop other people from crying because we cannot stand the sounds and movements of their bodies. It threatens our own rigidity. It induces similar feelings in ourselves which we dare not express and it evokes a resonance in our own bodies which we resist.”    ―    Alexander Lowen,    The Voice of the Body
      “That this girl would know exactly how to shatter me.”    ―    Tahereh Mafi,    Destroy Me
      “I am living in a nightmare, from which from time to time I wake in sleep.”    ―    Ursula K. Le Guin
      “Maybe we all have darkness inside of us and some of us are better at dealing with it than others.”    ―    Jasmine Warga,    My Heart and Other Black Holes
      “The tragedy of this world is that no one is happy, whether stuck in a time of pain or of joy. The tragedy of this world is that everyone is alone. For a life in the past cannot be shared with the present. Each person who gets stuck in time gets stuck alone.”    ―    Alan Lightman,    Einstein's Dreams
      “It's OK not to be OK.”    ―    Lindsey Kelk,    I Heart New York
      “I told myself that if I didn't care, this wouldn't have hurt so much - surely that proved I was alive and human and all those touchy-feely things, for once and for all. But that wasn't a relief, not when I felt like a skyscraper with dynamite on every floor.”    ―    Jodi Picoult,    Handle with Care
      “It was that sort of sleep in which you wake every hour and think to yourself that you have not been sleeping at all; you can remember dreams that are like reflections, daytime thinking slightly warped.”    ―    Kim Stanley Robinson,    Icehenge
      “We look before and after,And pine for what is not;Our sincerest laughterWith some pain is fraught;Our sweetest songs are those that tell Of saddest thought.”    ―    Percy Bysshe Shelley,    The Complete Poems
      “It's like I have this large black hole in my brain and it's sucking the life out of me. The answers are in there so I sit for hours and stare. No matter how hard and long I look, I only see darkness.”    ―    Katie McGarry,    Pushing the Limits
      “Sadness does not last forever when we walk in the direction of that which we always desired.”    ―    Paulo Coelho,    The Fifth Mountain
      “You really didn't see the sadness or the longing unless you already knew it was there. But that was the trick, wasn't it? Everyone had their disappointment and their baggage; only, some people carried it in their inside pockets and not on their backs.”    ―    Maggie Stiefvater,    The Dream Thieves
      “Then he pulled out a handgun and shot me in the chest. I was standing on the lawn and I fell. The bullet hole opened wide and my heart rolled out of my rib cage and down into a flower bed. Blood gushed rhythmically from my open wound,then from my eyes,my ears,my mouth.It tasted like salt and failure. The bright red shame of being unloved soaked the grass in front of our house, the bricks of the path, the steps of the porch. My heart spasmed among the peonies like a trout.”    ―    E. Lockhart,    We Were Liars
      “Anne was always glad in the happiness of her friends; but it is sometimes a little lonely to be surrounded everywhere by happiness that is not your own.”    ―    L.M. Montgomery,    Anne of the Island
      “I wish to cry. Yet, I laugh, and my lipstick leaves a red stain like a bloody crescent moon on the top of the beer can.”    ―    Sylvia Plath,    The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath
      “Some people appear to be happy, but they simply don't give the matter much thought. Others make plans: I'm going to have a husband, a home, two children, a house in the country. As long as they're busy doing that, they're like bulls looking for the bullfighter: they react instinctively, they blunder on, with no idea where the target is. They get their car, sometimes they even get a Ferrari, and they think that's the meaning of life, and they never question it. Yet their eyes betray the sadness that even they don't know they carry in their soul. Are you happy?”    ―    Paulo Coelho,    The Zahir
      “Find meaning. Distinguish melancholy from sadness. Go out for a walk. It doesn’t have to be a romantic walk in the park, spring at its most spectacular moment, flowers and smells and outstanding poetical imagery smoothly transferring you into another world. It doesn’t have to be a walk during which you’ll have multiple life epiphanies and discover meanings no other brain ever managed to encounter. Do not be afraid of spending quality time by yourself. Find meaning or don’t find meaning but 'steal' some time and give it freely and exclusively to your own self. Opt for privacy and solitude. That doesn’t make you antisocial or cause you to reject the rest of the world. But you need to breathe. And you need to be.”    ―    Albert Camus,    Notebooks 1951-1959
      “Lie still, lie still, my breaking heart; My silent heart, lie still and break: Life, and the world, and mine own self, are changed For a dream's sake.”    ―    Christina Rossetti
      “A poet should be so crafty with words that he is envied even for his pains.”    ―    Criss Jami,    Killosophy
      “I do not believe anyone can be perfectly well, who has a brain and a heart”    ―    Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
      “. . . owning a dog always ended with this sadness because dogs just don't live as long as people do.”    ―    John Grogan,    Marley and Me: Life and Love With the World's Worst Dog  
      “I was lonely. I felt it deeply and permanently, that this state of being on my own might never disappear. But I welcomed  the lonliness, which had everything to do with being anonymous. It's never lonliness that nibbles away at a person's insides, but not having room inside themselves to be comfortably alone.”    ―    Rachel Sontag,    House Rules
      “She’s kept her love for him as alive as the summer they first met. In order to do this, she’s turned life away. Sometimes she subsists for days on water and air. Being the only known complex life-form to do this, she should have a species named after her. Once Uncle Julian told me how the sculptor and painter Alberto Giacometti said that sometimes just to paint a head you have to give up the whole figure. To paint a leaf, you have to sacrifice the whole landscape. It might seem like you’re limiting yourself at first, but after a while you realize that having a quarter-of-an-inch of something you have a better chance of holding on to a certain feeling of the universe than if you pretended to be doing the whole sky.My mother did not choose a leaf or a head. She chose my father. And to hold on to a certain feeling, she sacrificed the world.”    ―    Nicole Krauss,    The History of Love
      “If you can't get what you want, you end up doing something else, just to get some relief. Just to keep from going crazy. Because when you're sad enough, you look for ways to fill you up.”    ―    Laura Pritchett,    Sky Bridge
      “If we never experience the chill of a dark winter, it is very unlikely that we will ever cherish the warmth of a bright summer’s day. Nothing stimulates our appetite for the simple joys of life more than the starvation caused by sadness or desperation. In order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is vital that we turn each and every dark tear into a pearl of wisdom, and find the blessing in every curse.”    ―    Anthon St. Maarten,    Divine Living: The Essential Guide To Your True Destiny
      “Have you got any soul?" a woman asks the next afternoon. That depends, I feel like saying; some days yes, some days no. A few days ago I was right out; now I've got loads, too much, more than I can handle. I wish I could spread it a bit more evenly, I want to tell her, get a better balance, but I can't seem to get it sorted. I can see she wouldn't be interested in my internal stock control problems though, so I simply point to where I keep the soul I have, right by the exit, just next to the blues.”    ―    Nick Hornby,    High Fidelity
      “I Like For You To Be StillI like for you to be stillIt is as though you are absentAnd you hear me from far awayAnd my voice does not touch youIt seems as though your eyes had flown awayAnd it seems that a kiss had sealed your mouthAs all things are filled with my soulYou emerge from the thingsFilled with my soulYou are like my soulA butterfly of dreamAnd you are like the word: MelancholyI like for you to be stillAnd you seem far awayIt sounds as though you are lamentingA butterfly cooing like a doveAnd you hear me from far awayAnd my voice does not reach youLet me come to be still in your silenceAnd let me talk to you with your silenceThat is bright as a lampSimple, as a ringYou are like the nightWith its stillness and constellationsYour silence is that of a starAs remote and candidI like for you to be stillIt is as though you are absentDistant and full of sorrowSo you would've diedOne word then, One smile is enoughAnd I'm happy;Happy that it's not true”    ―    Pablo Neruda
      “I'll never wake up in a good mood again.I'm tired of these stinky boots”    ―    Jim Morrison,    An American Prayer
      “Laugh, and the world laughs with you;Weep, and you weep alone;For the sad old earth must borrow its mirth,But has trouble enough of its own.”    ―    Ella Wheeler Wilcox,    Poems of Passion
      “I just let the pain take over, allowing it to numb the pain of being left behind.”    ―    Jessica Sorensen,    The Coincidence of Callie & Kayden
      “I think most people are just trying to be happy, and that most of their actions, however misguided, are in line with that goal. Most people just want to feel they belong somewhere, want to be loved, and want to feel they're important to someone. If you really examine all the wrongheaded and messed-up things they do, they can most often be traced back to that basic desire. The abusers, the addicted, the cruel and unpleasant, the manipulators --these are just people who started this quest for happiness in the basement of their lives. Someone communicated to them through word or deed that they were undeserving, so they think they have to claw their way there over the backs of others, leaving scars and creating damage. Of course, they only create more misery for themselves and others.”    ―    Lisa Unger,    Sliver of Truth
      “Because misery, and degradation, and death, and nothing that God or Satan could inflict would have parted us, you, of your own will did it. I have no broken your heart - you have broken it; and in breaking it, you have broken mine. So much the worse for me that I am strong.”    ―    Emily Brontë,    Wuthering Heights
      “The trick. . .is to find the balance between the bright colors of humor and the serious issues of identity, self-loathing, and the possibility for intimacy and love when it seems no longer possible or, sadder yet, no longer necessary.”    ―    Wendy Wasserstein
      “La tristesse durera toujours.[The sadness will last forever.]”    ―    Vincent van Gogh
      “...being Lulu, it made me realize that all my life I've been living in a small, square room, with no windows and no doors. And I was fine. I was happy, even. I thought. Then someone came along and showed me there was a door in the room. One that I'd never even seen before. Then he opened it for me. Held my hand as I walked through it. And for one perfect day, I was on the other side. I was somewhere else. Someone else. And then he was gone, and I was thrown back into my little room. And now, no matter what I do, I can't seem to find that door.”    ―    Gayle Forman,    Just One Day
      “When I was a girl I would look out my bedroom window at the caterpillars; I envied them so much. No matter what they were before, no matter what happened to them, they could just hide away and turn into these beautiful creatures that could fly away completely untouched.”    ―    Patch Adams
      “Do you know what it is like,to lie in bed awake;with thoughts to hauntyou every night,of all your past mistakes.Knowing sleep will set it right - if you were not to wake.”    ―    Lang Leav,    Love & Misadventure
      “الصُور الجماعية المُعلَّقة على الجدار بها شخص مفقود ؛. دائماً يتنازل عن مكانهِ لِيلتقط الصُورة”    ―    Nour Albawardi
      “Sorry excuses for hunters and friends. Both of us.”    ―    Suzanne Collins,    Mockingjay
      “I remember asking myself one night, while I was curled up in the same old corner of my same old couch in tears yet again over the same old repetition of sorrowful thoughts, 'Is there ANYTHING about this scene you can change, Liz?' And all I could think to do was stand up, whle still sobbing, and try to balance on one foot in the middle of the living room. Just to prove that - while I couldn't stop the tears or change my dismal interior dialogue - I was not yet totally out of control: at least I could cry hysterically while balanced on one foot.”    ―    Elizabeth Gilbert,    Eat, Pray, Love
      “Joy came always after pain.”    ―    Guillaume Apollinaire
      “There’s no point to living life unless you make history and the best way to make history is to help others.”    ―    Demi Lovato,    Stay Strong
      “When your sad--like really sad--you only want to be with other people who are sad.”    ―    Nick Hornby,    A Long Way Down
      “It slowly began to dawn on me that I had been staring at her for an impossible amount of time. Lost in my thoughts, lost in the sight of her. But her face didn't look offended or amused. It almost looked as if she were studying the lines of my face, almost as if she were waiting. I wanted to take her hand. I wanted to brush her cheek with my fingertips. I wanted to tell her that she was the first beautiful thing that I had seen in three years. The sight of her yawning to the back of her hand was enough to drive the breath from me. How I sometimes lost the sense of her words in the sweet fluting of her voice. I wanted to say that if she were with me then somehow nothing could ever be wrong for me again. In that breathless second I almost asked her. I felt the question boiling up from my chest. I remember drawing a breath then hesitating--what could I say? Come away with me? Stay with me? Come to the University? No. Sudden certainty tightened in my chest like a cold fist. What could I ask her? What could I offer? Nothing. Anything I said would sound foolish, a child's fantasy. I closed my mouth and looked across the water. Inches away, Denna did the same. I could feel the heat of her. She smelled like road dust, and honey, and the smell the air holds seconds before a heavy summer rain. Neither of us spoke. I closed my eyes. The closeness of her was the sweetest, sharpest thing I had ever known.”    ―    Patrick Rothfuss,    The Name of the Wind
      “In the silence, she felt the past and the present shift and mix, but that was a mirage. There was no way to comfort the lost boy he'd been back then. But she had the grown male.She had him right in her arms, and for a brief moment of whimsy, she imagined that she was never, ever going to let him go.”    ―    J.R. Ward,    Lover Mine
      “I thought living dead girls couldn't feel pain, thought I was emptied out but I'm not, I'm not.”    ―    Elizabeth Scott,    Living Dead Girl
      “So as a seventh grader, no, you weren't friends with people you didn't like. But sometimes you also weren't friends with people you did like, which was complicated, and which didn't make any sense if you tried to explain it. Sometimes things just changed. That's where the sadness came in.”    ―    Lauren Myracle,    Thirteen
      “I don't think all writers are sad, she said.I think it's the other way around—all sad people write.”    ―    Lang Leav,    Love & Misadventure
      “He looked at her as a man might look at a faded flower he had plucked, in which it was difficult for him to trace the beauty that had made him pick and so destroy it”    ―    Leo Tolstoy,    Anna Karenina
      “Hearing him talk about his mother, about his intact family, makes my chest hurt for a second, like someone pierced it with a needle.”    ―    Veronica Roth,    Divergent  
      “If I had a camera," I said, "I'd take a picture of you every day. That way I'd remember how you looked every single day of your life." "I look exactly the same." "No, you don't. You're changing all the time. Every day a tiny bit. If I could, I'd keep a record of it all.""If you're so smart, how did I change today?""You got a fraction of a millimeter taller, for one thing. Your hair grew a fraction of a millimeter longer. And your breasts grew a fraction of a—" "They did not!" "Yes, they did.""Did NOT.""Did too." "What else, you big pig?""You got a little happier and also a little sadder.""Meaning they cancel out each other, leaving me exactly the same.""Not at all. The fact that you got a little happier today doesn't change the fact that you also become a little sadder. Every day you become a little more of both, which means that right now, at this exact moment, you're the happiest and the saddest you've ever been in your whole life.""How do you know?""Think about it. Have you ever been happier or sadder than right now, lying here in this grass?""I guess not. No.""And have you ever been sadder?""No.""It isn't like that for everyone, you know. Some people[...]" "What about you? Are you the happiest and saddest right now that you've ever been?""Of course I am.""Why?""Because nothing makes me happier and nothing makes me sadder than you.”    ―    Nicole Krauss,    The History of Love
      “I strongly believe that love is the answer and that it can mend even the deepest unseen wounds. Love can heal, love can console, love can strengthen, and yes, love can make change.”    ―    Somaly Mam,    The Road of Lost Innocence: The True Story of a Cambodian Heroine
      “It weren’t too loo long before I seen something in me, had changed.  A bitter seed was planted inside of me.  And I just didn’t feel so, accepting, anymore.”    ―    Kathryn Stockett,    The Help
      “That was the day my whole world went black.  Air looked black. Sun looked black. I laid up in bed and stared at the black walls of my house….Took three months before I even looked out the window, see the world still there.  I was surprised to see the world didn’t stop.”    ―    Kathryn Stockett,    The Help
      “My first feeling was that there was no way to continue. Writing isn't like math;in math, two plus two always equals four no matter what your mood is like. With writing, the way you feel changes everything.”    ―    Stephenie Meyer,    Midnight Sun
      “I waited for dawn, but only because I had forgotten how hard mornings were. For a second I'd be normal. Then came the dim awareness of something off, out of place. Then the truth came crashing down and that was it for the rest of the day. Sunlight was reproof. Shouldn't I feel better than I had in the dead of night.”    ―    Francine Prose,    Goldengrove
      “The older I get, the more I see there are these crevices in life where things fall in and you just can't reach them to pull them back out. So you can sit next to them and weep or you can get up and move forward. You have to stop worrying about who's not here and start worrying about who is.”    ―    Alex Witchel,    The Spare Wife
      “It is in dialogue with pain that many beautiful things acquire their value. Acquaintance with grief turns out to be one of the more unusual prerequisites of architectural appreciation. We might, quite aside from all other requirements, need to be a little sad before buildings can properly touch us.”    ―    Alain de Botton,    The Architecture of Happiness
      “One of the greatest tragedies in life is to lose your own sense of self and accept the version of you that is expected by everyone else.”    ―    K.L. Toth
      “It would be wrong to refuse to face the fact that everything is fundamentally sick and sad.”    ―    Thomas Bernhard,    Gargoyles
      “Or perhaps is is that time doesn't heal wounds at all, perhaps that is the biggest lie of them all, and instead what happens is that each wound penetrates the body deeper and deeper until one day you find that the sheer geography of your bones - the angle of your hips, the sharpness of your shoulders, as well as the luster of your eyes, the texture of your skin, the openness of your smile - has collapsed under the weight of your griefs.”    ―    Thrity Umrigar,    The Space Between Us
      “HOW ANGELS SLEEP.  Unsoundly.  They toss and turn, trying to understand the mystery of the living.  They know so little about what it's like to fill a new prescription for glasses and suddenly see the world again, with a mixture of disappointment and gratitude ... Also, they don't dream.  For this reason, they have one less thing to talk about.  In a backward way, when they wake up they feel as if there is something they are forgetting to tell each other.  There is disagreement among the angels as to whether this is a result of something vestigial, or whether it is the result of the empathy they feel for the Living, so powerful it sometimes makes them weep.  In general, they fall into these two camps on the subject of dreams.  Even among the angels, there is the sadness of division.”    ―    Nicole Krauss,    The History of Love
      “He gave everything to everybody. Except to me.”    ―    J.K. Rowling,    The Casual Vacancy
      “She's known sadness. That's what it is. I only just thought that as I wrote it. She's known sadness, and it has made her kind.”    ―    Nathan Filer,    The Shock of the Fall
      “But sleep didn't come. She could hear Jace's soft piano playing through the walls, but that wasn't what was keeping her awake. She was thinking of Simon, leaving for a house that no longer felt like home to him, of the despair in Jace's voice as he said 'I want to hate you', and of Magnus, not telling Jace the truth: that Alec did not want Jace to know about his relationship because he was still in love with him. She thought of the satisfaction it would have brought Magnus to say the words out loud, to acknowledge what the truth was, and the fact that he hadn't said them - had let Alec go on lying and pretending - because that was what Alec wanted, and Magnus cared about Alec enough to give him that. Maybe it was true what the Seelie Queen had said, after all: Love made you a liar.”    ―    Cassandra Clare,    City of Ashes
      “Sadness is a vice.”    ―    Gustave Flaubert
      “Carrie doesn't seem to talk about anything with sharp edges.  Maybe she's afraid they might poke her and then she'd burst.”    ―    Lisa McMann,    Wake
      “Tonight I can write the saddest lines.Write, for example,'The night is shatteredand the blue stars shiver in the distance.'The night wind revolves in the sky and sings.Tonight I can write the saddest lines.I loved her, and sometimes she loved me too.Through nights like this one I held her in my armsI kissed her again and again under the endless sky.She loved me sometimes, and I loved her too.How could one not have loved her great still eyes.Tonight I can write the saddest lines.To think that I do not have her. To feel that I have lost her.To hear the immense night, still more immense without her.And the verse falls to the soul like dew to the pasture.What does it matter that my love could not keep her.The night is shattered and she is not with me.This is all. In the distance someone is singing. In the distance.My soul is not satisfied that it has lost her.My sight searches for her as though to go to her.My heart looks for her, and she is not with me.The same night whitening the same trees.We, of that time, are no longer the same.I no longer love her, that's certain, but how I loved her.My voice tried to find the wind to touch her hearing.Another's. She will be another's. Like my kisses before.Her voide. Her bright body. Her inifinite eyes.I no longer love her, that's certain, but maybe I love her. Love is so short, forgetting is so long.Because through nights like this one I held her in my armsmy sould is not satisfied that it has lost her.Though this be the last pain that she makes me sufferand these the last verses that I write for her.”    ―    Pablo Neruda
      “tiny: but there is the word, this word phil wrayson taught me once: weltschmerz. it's the depression you feel when the world as it is does not line up with the world as you think it should be. i live in a big goddamned weltzschermz ocean, you know? and so do you.”    ―    David Levithan,    Will Grayson, Will Grayson
      “I will be stronger than my sadness.”    ―    Jasmine Warga,    My Heart and Other Black Holes
      “After every storm, there is a rainbow. If you have eyes, you will find it. If you have wisdom, you will create it. If you have love for yourself and others, you won’t need it.”    ―    Shannon L. Alder
      “When a person dies, he disappears, along with his past, current lifestyle, and his future. Many people die in missions and wars. They die easily and in surprisingly simple ways. Hayate was one of them. Those who died had hopes and dreams, but everyone has something as important as those: parents, siblings, friends, lovers; people who are important to you, they trust and help each other. The bond between the people important to you ever since birth and the string that binds them becomes thicker and stronger as time goes by... It's beyond reason. Those bound to you by that string will do that because it is important.”    ―    Masashi Kishimoto,    Naruto, Vol. 16: Eulogy
      “..I find it incredible impossible not to cry when I hear Stevie Nicks's "Landslide," especially the lyric: "I've been afraid of changing, because I've built my life around you." I think a good test to see if a human is actually a robot/android/cylon is to have them listen to this song lyric and study their reaction. If they don't cry, you should stab them through the heart. You will find a fusebox.”    ―    Mindy Kaling
      “Once you start down the slippery slope of depression, it's hard to climb off of it. And sometimes you don't want to climb off of it.”    ―    Keary Taylor,    What I Didn't Say
      “At the end of the day your ability to connect with your readers comes down to how you make them feel.”    ―    Benjamin J. Carey,    Barefoot in November
      “I stumbled out into the courtyard to try to flee my misery, but of course we can never flee the misery that is within us.”    ―    Arthur Golden,    Memoirs of a Geisha
      “Dimka, not you too.”    ―    Richelle Mead,    Last Sacrifice
      “I wanted to write you a story about magic. I wanted rabbits appearing from hats. I wanted balloons lifting you into the sky. It turned out to be nothing but sadness, war, heartbreak. You never saw it, but there’s a garden inside me.”    ―    Shane Jones,    Light Boxes
      “Let us not burthen our remembrance withA heaviness that's gone.”    ―    William Shakespeare,    The Tempest
      “The sadness will last forever.”    ―    Vincent van Gogh
      “Parting is such sweet sorrow that I shall say goodnight till it be morrow.”    ―    William Shakespeare,    Romeo and Juliet  
      “The sadness of the world has different ways of getting to people, but it seems to succeed almost every time.”    ―    Louis-Ferdinand Céline,    Journey to the End of the Night
      “(...) Since I was a kid.""Which you refer to as 'back when you were happy.'""Right.”    ―    Ned Vizzini,    It's Kind of a Funny Story
      “It is beautiful, it is endless, it is full and yet seems empty. It hurts us.”    ―    Jackson Pearce,    Fathomless
      “so here i sit. a sum of the parts. about a third way down this wonderful path, so to speak. and i've been thinking lately about a friendship that fell apart with time, with distance, and with the misunderstanding of youth. i'm trying not to confuse sadness with regret. not the easiest thing at times. i dont regret that certain things happened. i understand that perhaps i had a choice in the matter, or perhaps i believe in fate. probably not, but so far actions as small as the quickest glance to events as monumental as death have pushed me slowly along to right here, right now. there was no other way to get here. the meandering and erratic path was actually the straightest of lines. take away a handful of angry words, things once thought of as mistakes or regrets, and i'm suddenly a different person with a different history, a different future. that, i would regret. so here i sit. thinking about a person i once called my best friends. a man who might be full of sadness and regret, who might not give a damn, or who might, just might, remember the future and realize that's where its at.”    ―    Chris Wright
      “I would give anything, anything, to be the man to whom this has not happened. I can not accommodate myself to it. In a lifetime of trying, I can not accommodate myself to it.And now I will have to be that person forever.”    ―    Robert Goolrick,    The End of the World as We Know It: Scenes from a Life
      “No reflection was to be allowed now, not one glance was to be cast back; not even one forward. Not one thought was to be given either to the past or the future. The first was a page so heavenly sweet, so deadly sad, that to read one line of it would dissolve my courage and break down my energy. The last was an awful blank, something like then world when the deluge was gone by.”    ―    Charlotte Brontë,    Jane Eyre
      “Don't dwell on things. Don't stay in one place too long. It was the only way to stay ahead of sadness.”    ―    Rick Riordan,    The Lost Hero
      “Was it the infinite sadness of her eyes that drew him or the mirror of himself that he found in the gorgeous clarity of her mind?”    ―    F. Scott Fitzgerald,    This Side of Paradise
      “Sadness and silence, two things I keep in jars in my basement that I label “Warning: Do not open.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    A Story That Talks about Talking Is Like Chatter to Chattering Teeth, and Every Set of Dentures Can Attest to the Fact That No..
      “I've never wanted to be loved. And God Knows no one's done it yet.”    ―    Lisa Kleypas,    Tempt Me at Twilight
      “About time, what I really learned from studying English is: time is different with timing.I understand the difference of these two words so well. I understand falling in love with the right person in the wrong timing could be the greatest sadness in a person's entire life.”    ―    Xiaolu Guo,    A Concise Chinese-English Dictionary for Lovers
      “When I was little, I was out riding my brand-new blue bicycle when I decided to see how far I could keep going without looking back even once. I could feel with my back how my neighborhood was receding, further and further away... but I kept pedaling with all my might, my mind almost going blank. All I could hear was the sound of my own heart, thumping wildly in my ears. Even now, I remember it sometimes. What exactly was I trying to do that day? What was it that I wanted to prove?It's no good. My mind just keeps fogging over. I have this irritating sound stuck in my head. What is it? This sound... Ohh... I know what it is. This is... the sound of emptiness.”    ―    Chica Umino,    Honey and Clover, Vol. 7
      “After a while, though, even the deepest sorrow faltered, even the most penetrating despair lost its scalpel edge.”    ―    Richard Matheson,    I Am Legend and Other Stories
      “The largest part of what we call 'personality' is determined by how we've opted to defend ourselves against anxiety and sadness".”    ―    Alain de Botton
      “أدمنت احزانيفصرت اخاف ان لا احزناI got addicted to my sorrows,Until I have gotten scared of not being sorrowed.وطعنت آلافا من المراتحتى صار يوجعني بان لا اطعناAnd I was stabbed thousands of times,Until it felt painful not to be stabbed.ولعنت في كل اللغات حتى صار يقلقني بان لا العناAnd I was cursed in all the languages,Until I started being nervous of not being cursed.ولقد تشابهت كل البلادفلا ارى نفسي هناك، ولا ارى نفسي هناAnd all the countries seemed the same,That I don't see myself there, And I don't see myself here.”    ―    Nizar Qabbani
      “Dahulu dia selalu katakan apa yang dia pikirkan, tangiskan, apa yang ditanggungkan, teriakan ria kesukaan di dalam hati remaja. Kini dia harus diam- tak ada kuping sudi suaranya.”    ―    Pramoedya Ananta Toer
      “Training?'Clary echoed."But we trained yesterday.""Some of us have to train everyday,Clary."Jace didnt sound angry,but there was a harshness to his tone,and Clary flushed."Ill see you later,"he added without looking at her,and practically flung himself toward the door.As it shut behind him,Clary reached up and angerily yanked the pins out of her hair.It cascaded in tangles down around her shoulders."Clary,"Luke said gently.He stood up."What are you doing?""My hair."She yanked the last pin,hard.Her eyes were shining,and simon could tell she was forcibly wiling herself not to cry."I dont want to wear it like this.It looks stupid."'No,it dosent'Luke said”    ―    Cassandra Clare,    City of Fallen Angels
      “One day many years ago a man walked along and stood in the sound of the ocean on a cold sunless shore and said, "We need a voice to call across the water, to warn ships; I'll make one. I'll make a voice like all of time and all of the fog that ever was; I'll make a voice that is like an empty bed beside you all night long, and like an empty house when you open the door, and like trees in autumn with no leaves. A sound like the birds flying south, crying, and a sound like November wind and the sea on the hard, cold shore. I'll make a sound that's so alone that no one can miss it, that whoever hears it will weep in their souls, and hearths will seem warmer, and being inside will seem better to all who hear it in the distant towns. I'll make me a sound and an apparatus and they'll call it a Fog Horn and whoever hears it will know the sadness of eternity and the briefness of life."The Fog Horn blew.”    ―    Ray Bradbury,    The Fog Horn
      “The trouble with a great sadness is that it doesn't fit inside your body.”    ―    Manuel Rivas,    Books Burn Badly
      “It has an L on it.  L for love.  See?  It's the key to the universe, Dad.  You said you were looking for it.  You told Mom you were.  I found it for you so you don't have to look anymore.  So you can come home at night.”    ―    Jennifer Donnelly,    Revolution
      “It felt like being shot with an arrow, and Will jerked back. His wineglass crashed to the floor and shattered. He lurched to his feet, leaning both hands on the table. He was vaguely aware of stares, and the landlords anxious voice in his ear, but the pain was too great to think through, almost too great to breathe through. The tightness in his chest, the one he had thought of as one end of a cord tying him to Jem, had pulled so taut that it was strangling his heart. He stumbled away from his table, pushing through a knot of customers near the bar, and passed to the front door of the inn. All he could think of was air, getting air into his lungs to breathe. He pushed the doors open and half-tumbled out into the night. For a moment the pain in his chest eased, and he fell back against the wall of the inn. Rain was sheeting down, soaking his hair and clothes. He gasped, his heart stuttering with a misture of terror and desperation. Was this just the distance from Jem affecting him? He had never felt anything like this, even when Jem was at his worst, even when he'd been injured and Will had ached with sympathetic pain.The cord snapped.For a moment everything went white, the courtyard bleeching through as if with acid. Will jackknifed to his knees, vomiting up his supper into the mud. When the spasms had passed , he staggard to his feet and blindly away from the inn, as if trying to outpace his own pain. He fetched up against the wall of the stables, beside the horse trough. He dropped to his knees to plunge his hands into the icy water-and saw his own reflection. There was his face, as white as death, and his shirt, and a spreading stain of red across the front. With wet hands he siezed at his lapels and jerked the shirt open. In the dim light that spilled from the inn, he could see that his parabati rune, just over his heart, was bleeding. His hands were covered in blood, blood mixed with rain, the same ran that was washing the blood away from his chest, showing the rune as it began to fade from black to silver, changing all that had been sense in Will's life into nonsense.Jem was dead.”    ―    Cassandra Clare,    Clockwork Princess
      “The tears stream down my cheeks from my unblinking eyes. What makes me weep so? There is nothing saddening here. Perhaps it is liquefied brain.”    ―    Samuel Beckett,    The Unnamable
      “It’s how I fill the time when nothing’s happening.  Thinking too much, flirting with melancholy.”    ―    Tim Winton,    Breath
      “Your coffin reached the monstrous hole. And a part of me went down into the muddy earth with you and lay down next to you and died with you.”    ―    Rosamund Lupton,    Sister
      “If there are two clones, one good and one evil, I can’t kill on sight alone. It’s the same with love. Some love hurts, and some love elevates, but as to which one is which, they are two sides to the same sandwich. ”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    This Book Has No Title
      “Tell the truth through whichever veil comes to hand – but tell it. Resign yourself to the lifelong sadness that comes from never ­being satisfied.”    ―    Zadie Smith
      “There was nothing particularly intimate about the way they sat, but something about the scene made Gansey feel strange, like he’d heard an unpleasant statement and later forgotten everything about the words but the way they had made him feel.”    ―    Maggie Stiefvater,    The Raven Boys
      “I went back to those graves not long afterward and found as I stood there that sadness was a very heavy thing. My body weighed twice what it had only a moment earlier, as if those graves were pulling me down toward them.”    ―    Arthur Golden,    Memoirs of a Geisha
      “I wish the night would end,I wish the day'd begin,I wish it would rain or snow,or the wind would blow,or the grass would grow,I wish I had yesterday,I wish there were games to play...”    ―    V.C. Andrews,    Flowers in the Attic  
      “Insecurities have the ability to shape and mold our minds to live with everything that’s bad; like crying on the inside, while smiling on the outside…thus creating pain…but, alas, I have the answer; forget about what you thought and enjoy (embrace) what you feel”    ―    Jeremy Aldana
      “There is no greater sorrow than to recall in misery the time when we were happy.”    ―    Dante Alighieri
      “If you choose to be sad then you will be sad but there times you don't know why you're sad. Tears start flowing from your eyes.”    ―    Ann Marie Aguilar
      “Sometimes two people will regard each other over a gulf too wide to ever be bridged, and know immediately what could have happened, and that it never will.”    ―    Roger Ebert
      “She became a story, one I have mostly forgotten. One I can't end because she died a long time ago.”    ―    Elizabeth Scott,    Living Dead Girl
      “You're sad because you're sad.It's psychic.  It's the age.  It's chemical.Go see a shrink or take a pill,or hug your sadness like an eyeless dollyou need to sleep.Well, all children are sadbut some get over it.Count your blessings.  Better than that,buy a hat.  Buy a coat or a pet.Take up dancing to forget.”    ―    Margaret Atwood
      “Behind these eyesthere is a girl trapped withinher pain – a girl feeling all the emotionsof anger and sadness.She’s fighting for a way out.” (In her eyes, p. 39)”    ―    Chimnese Davids,    Muses of Wandering Passions
      “When you feel sadness inside, wipe it away by cries and tears!”    ―    Toba Beta,    My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut
      “Sad people have the gift of time, while the world dizzies everyone else; they remain stagnant, their bodies refusing to follow pace with the universe. With these kind of people everything aches for too long, everything moves without rush, wounds are always wet.”    ―    Warsan Shire,    Teaching My Mother How to Give Birth
      “Why, then, did I always feel as if his happiness was my responsibility? It wasn't fair for him to burden me with that. It had never been fair.”    ―    Melanie Benjamin,    Alice I Have Been
      “Some things take so longBut how do I explainWhen not too many peopleCan see we're all the sameAnd because of all their tearsYour eyes can't hope to seeThe beauty that surrounds themNow, isn't it a pity”    ―    George Harrison
      “...Sometimes they open it up like a package in the presence of a person they can talk to,' she said. 'Someone they can trust.' She held out her hands. 'Any person who is carrying a lot of sadness,' she said, 'needs to be able to rest sometimes, and to put it down.”    ―    Julia A. Schumacher
      “In my experience, there never seems to be a man or woman who will walk in and literally sweep you off your feet, or away, when you're in the biggest distaster of your life. If it happens, it'll be guaranteed he or she won't be the one you've longed for. Yeah...we all still seem to be waiting for Mr. or Ms. Right.”    ―    Jennifer Salaiz
      “The Day is DoneThe day is done, and the darknessFalls from the wings of Night,As a feather is wafted downwardFrom an eagle in his flight.I see the lights of the villageGleam through the rain and the mist,And a feeling of sadness comes o'er meThat my soul cannot resist:A feeling of sadness and longing,That is not akin to pain,And resembles sorrow onlyAs the mist resembles the rain.Come, read to me some poem,Some simple and heartfelt lay,That shall soothe this restless feeling,And banish the thoughts of day.Not from the grand old masters,Not from the bards sublime,Whose distant footsteps echoThrough the corridors of Time.For, like strains of martial music,Their mighty thoughts suggestLife's endless toil and endeavor;And to-night I long for rest.Read from some humbler poet,Whose songs gushed from his heart,As showers from the clouds of summer,Or tears from the eyelids start;Who, through long days of labor,And nights devoid of ease,Still heard in his soul the musicOf wonderful melodies.Such songs have power to quietThe restless pulse of care,And come like the benedictionThat follows after prayer.Then read from the treasured volumeThe poem of thy choice,And lend to the rhyme of the poetThe beauty of thy voice.And the night shall be filled with music,And the cares, that infest the day,Shall fold their tents, like the Arabs,And as silently steal away.”    ―    Henry Wadsworth Longfellow,    The Belfry of Bruges and Other Poems
      “I was wishing I was invisible.  Outside, the leaves were falling to the ground, and I was infinitely sad, sad down to my bones.  I was sad for Phoebe and her parents and Prudence and Mike, sad for the leaves that were dying, and sad for myself, for something I had lost.”    ―    Sharon Creech,    Walk Two Moons
      “There was once a tiger-striped cat. This cat died a million deaths, and lived a million lives, and in those lives, various people owned him. None of those people he cared for. This cat was not afraid of death. One life, the cat became a stray cat, which meant it was free. And it met a white female cat. They became mates, and lived together. Time passed, the white cat passed away of old age. And the tiger- striped cat cried a million times. Eventually, the cat died again. But this time, it didn't come back to life.-Spike Speigel”    ―    Keiko Nobumoto
      “What a sad story, I thought for so long.  Not that I now think it was happy.  But I think it is true, and thus the question of whether it is sad or happy has no meaning whatever.”    ―    Bernhard Schlink,    The Reader
      “The rain echoed in the shadowy attic space and made me feel small and fragile, like a lace glove left behind on moving day - mateless and abandoned.”    ―    Dia Reeves,    Bleeding Violet
      “I smile. I smile all the time, but you're just not around to see it these days".”    ―    Sarra Manning,    Kiss and Make Up
      “On the beach, Roran stood alone, watching them go. Then he threw back his head and uttered a long, aching cry, and the night echoed with the sound of his loss.”    ―    Christopher Paolini,    Inheritance
      “There was no helping her tears. For they would leave Po behind… She cried into his shoulder like a child. Ashamed of herself, for it was only a parting, and Bitterblue had not wept like this even over a death. ‘Don’t be ashamed,' Po whispered. ‘Your sadness is dear to me. Don’t be frightened. I won’t die, Katsa. I won’t die, and we’ll meet again.”    ―    Kristin Cashore,    Graceling
      “No matter how much he talked, she never answered him, but he knew she was still there. He knew it was like the soldiers he had read about. They would have an arm or a leg blown off, and for days, even weeks after it happened, they could still feel the arm itching, the leg itching, the mother calling.”    ―    Pat Cunningham Devoto,    Out of the Night That Covers Me
      “No one's ever going to shag you if you cry all the time.”    ―    Richard Kelly
      “the saddest thing is to bea minute to someone,when you've made them your eternity.”    ―    Sanober Khan
      “You know what my father told me when I was little, one day, when he found me crying? He told me that God gave people a fixed number of tears and are of two kinds: tears of sadness and tears of happiness. And that I should not waste my tears elsewhere, but keep them for the moments of happiness. Would be a shame to not have tears to cry then ... ”    ―    Irina Binder,    Fluturi
      “He wipes tears off my face and then snot. He uses his hands. He loves me that much.”    ―    Nina LaCour,    Hold Still
      “a flower knows, when its butterfly will return, and if the moon walks out, the sky will understand;but now it hurts, to watch you leave so soon,when I don't know, if you will ever come back.”    ―    Sanober Khan
      “We try to fix the outside so much, but our control of the outer world is limited, temporary, and often, illusory.”    ―    Matthieu Ricard,    Happiness: A Guide to Developing Life's Most Important Skill
      “Misery is a no U-turns, no stopping road. Travel down it pushed by those behind, tripped by those in front. Travel down it at furious speed though the days are mummified in lead. It happens so fast once you get started, there’s no anchor from the real world to slow you down, nothing to hold on to. Misery pulls away the brackets of life leaving you to free fall. Whatever your private hell, you’ll find millions like it in Misery. This is the town where everyone’s nightmares come true.”    ―    Jeanette Winterson,    Written on the Body
      “Because pieces of your heart clearly weigh more when they're sitting shattered at the bottom of your stomach.”    ―    Heather Brewer,    First Kill  
      “Sometimes I wish life was written pencil so we could erase it and write it all over again.”    ―    Thisuri Wanniarachchi,    COLOMBO STREETS
      “Even so, there were times I saw freshness and beauty. I could smell the air, and I really loved rock 'n' roll. Tears were warm, and girls were beautiful, like dreams. I liked movie theaters, the darkness and intimacy, and I liked the deep, sad summer nights.”    ―    Haruki Murakami,    Dance Dance Dance
      “One by one, drops fell from her eyes like they were on an assembly line - gather, fall, slide...gather, fall, slide...each one commemorating something she had lost. Hope. Faith. Confidence. Pride. Security. Trust. Independence. Joy. Beauty. Freedom. Innocence.”    ―    Lisi Harrison,    Monster High
      “What can we do?" Mom asked again.I shrugged.But she kept asking, as if there were something she could do, until I just kind of crawled across the couch into her lap and my dad came over and held my legs really tight and I wrapped my arms all the way around my mom's middle and they held on to me for hours while the tide rolled in.”    ―    John Green,    The Fault in Our Stars
      “That's most interesting. But I was no more a mind-reader then than today. Iwas weeping for an altogether different reason. When I watched you dancing that day, I saw something else. I saw a new world coming rapidly. Morescientific, efficient, yes. More cures for the old sicknesses. Very good. But aharsh, cruel world. And I saw a little girl, her eyes tightly closed, holding to her breast the old kind world, one that she knew in her heart could notremain, and she was holding it and pleading, never to let her go. That is what I saw. It wasn't really you, what you were doing, I know that. But I saw you and it broke my heart. And I've never forgotten.”    ―    Kazuo Ishiguro,    Never Let Me Go
      “When you're sad, my Little Star, go out of doors.  It's always better underneath the open sky.”    ―    Eva Ibbotson,    A Countess Below Stairs
      “I don't-" I shake my head. (...) "What? What were you going to say?" This is another trick of shrinks. They never let you stop in midthought. If you open your mouth, they want to know exactly what you had the intention of saying.”    ―    Ned Vizzini,    It's Kind of a Funny Story
      “too much happiness always overflowed into tears of sorrow.”    ―    Amy Tan,    The Hundred Secret Senses
      “You don't know where you are or where your dreams end and the world begins.”    ―    Rachel Klein,    The Moth Diaries
      “A tragedy need not have blood and death; it's enough that it all be filled with that majestic sadness that is the pleasure of tragedy.”    ―    Jean Racine
      “We had no choice. Sadness was a dangerous as panthers and bears.  the wilderness needs your whole attention.”    ―    Laura Ingalls Wilder
      “I have found it is surprisingly difficult to remain sad when a cat is doing its level best to sandpaper one's cheeks.”    ―    R.L. LaFevers,    Theodosia and the Last Pharaoh
      “Halfway home, the sky goes from dark gray to almost black and a loud thunder snap accompanies the first few raindrops that fall. Heavy, warm, big drops, they drench me in seconds, like an overturned bucket from the sky dumping just on my head. I reach my hands up and out, as if that can stop my getting wetter, and open my mouth, trying to swallow the downpour, till it finally hits me how funny it is, my trying to stop the rain.This is so funny to me, I laugh and laugh, as loud and free as I want. Instead of hurrying to higher ground, I jump lower, down off the curb, splashing through the puddles, playing and laughing all the way home. In all my life till now, rain has meant staying inside and not being able to go out to play. But now for the first time I realize that rain doesn't have to be bad. And what's more, I understand, sadness doesn't have to be bad, either. Come to think of it, I figure you need sadness, just as you need the rain.Thoughts and ideas pour through my awareness. It feels to me that happiness is almost scary, like how I imagine being drunk might feel - real silly and not caring what anybody else says. Plus, that happy feeling always leaves so fast, and you know it's going to go before it even does. Sadness lasts longer, making it more familiar, and more comfortable. But maybe, I wonder, there's a way to find some happiness in the sadness. After all, it's like the rain, something you can't avoid. And so, it seems to me, if you're caught in it, you might as well try to make the best of it.Getting caught in the warm, wet deluge that particular day in that terrible summer full of wars and fires that made no sense was a wonderful thing to have happen. It taught me to understand rain, not to dread it. There were going to be days, I knew, when it would pour without warning, days when I'd find myself without an umbrella. But my understanding would act as my all-purpose slicker and rubber boots. It was preparing me for stormy weather, arming me with the knowledge that no matter how hard it seemed, it couldn't rain forever. At some point, I knew, it would come to an end.”    ―    Antwone Quenton Fisher,    Finding Fish: A Memoir
      “The unhappiest people I know, romantically speaking, are the ones who like pop music the most; and I don't know whether pop music has caused this unhappiness, but I do know that they've been listening to the sad songs longer than they've been living the unhappy lives.”    ―    Nick Hornby,    High Fidelity
      “لا أحد يقول في اليأسكم أنا حزين !”    ―    Nour Albawardi,    النصف المضيء من الباب الموارب
      “His leaving had been like snipping off the end of a rope - leaving two unraveling strands.”    ―    Sarah Blakley-Cartwright,    Red Riding Hood
      “The person you hurt the most in this world was the person that brought you into it.”    ―    Vannary Rang
      “if it makes you happy, then why the hell are you so sad?”    ―    Sheryl Crow
      “I want that. I want that awful intense and serious unhappiness, cos then I might feel better, and then I might be happy.”    ―    David Thewlis,    The Late Hector Kipling
      “I try to smile at her, but I can't extend my flexibility training to my mouth, it just won't move.”    ―    Steph Campbell,    Grounding Quinn
      “The sorrow that lay cold in her mother's heart... converted it into a tomb.”    ―    Nathaniel Hawthorne,    The Scarlet Letter
      “The fruit of empty hopes is more bitter than the saddest truth.”    ―    Angel Wagenstein,    Isaac's Torah
      “I shot up,now as angry and frusterated as him.I had a feeling if i stayed, we'd both snap. In and undertone, I murmured,"this isnt over.i won't give up on you."" I've given up on you,"he said back,voice also soft. "Love fades. Mine has.”    ―    Richelle Mead,    Spirit Bound
      “The sight of such aching beauty would infuse his soul with pain.”    ―    Tabitha Suzuma,    A Note of Madness
      “Death! Strange that there should be such a word, and such a thing, and we ever forget it; that one should be living, warm and beautiful, full of hopes, desires and wants, one day, and the next be gone, utterly gone, and forever!”    ―    Harriet Beecher Stowe,    Uncle Tom's Cabin
      “...how do you run and play when you feel like there are bricks of the heaviest sadness weighing down every part of your body?  How do you laugh and talk when there are no laughs left inside of you?”    ―    Katherine Hannigan,    Ida B. . . and Her Plans to Maximize Fun, Avoid Disaster, and (Possibly) Save the World
      “Strange infatuation seems to grace the evening tide. I want you to be free, but it is your sorrow that has made a slave of me... I wish to know how to keep you... You rise like a tide in my oceans, shine bright like the moon over them, and darken the sky when you mysteriously leave... Forgive me, my Amphitrite, but you are all I know. The day is breaking now, the earth is dry and torn. I know you're tired from the violent storms. I do love you, and you are all I know. The look in your eyes has made a slave of me for eternity. Without you I seem to lose the power of speech. Without you, I am nothing at all. I once again feel you slipping from my reach. You grow me like an evergreen. You've never seen the lonely me at all. Let the wind and ocean water wash away a thousand memories, like sand. Gazing at this all you look back, turn around and continue to run... Run from the love that is chasing after... Exhausted and breathless you sit down on the diamond shore at last. Glance at the ocean - who could that be? Someone is coming. Worried, yet scared found, brought back to the one in search, you are truly happily thrilled to be in the arms of the one who loves...”    ―    Oksana Rus
      “Bridget's anger evaporated and the sadness came back. The anger was easier. She owned and controlled it, whereas the sadness owned her.”    ―    Ann Brashares,    Sisterhood Everlasting
      “This is my sin for giving in to my own weaknesses. My heart just couldn't keep up with the gigantic gap between dreams and reality. -Jellal Fernandes”    ―    Hiro Mashima
      “Is this what sadness is all about? Is it what comes over us when beautiful memories shatter in hindsight because the remembered happiness fed not just on actual circumstances but on a promise that was not kept?”    ―    Bernhard Schlink,    The Reader  
      “You’ll be all right. You’re strong. I know you’ll be okay because I like you and you can’t like someone who doesn’t like themself. The people I fear for are the ones who I don’t like because they hate themselves so much they won’t let anyone else like them either. But I do like you. I’ll miss you. And I know you’ll be okay.”    ―    Sarah Kane,    4.48 Psychosis
      “[A] person whose head is bowed and whose eyes are heavy cannot look at the light.”    ―    Christine de Pizan,    Ditié de Jehanne d'Arc
      “For how imperiously, how coolly, in disregard of all one’s feelings, does the hard, cold, uninteresting course of daily realities move on! Still we must eat, and drink, and sleep, and wake again, - still bargain, buy, sell, ask and answer questions, - pursue, in short, a thousand shadows, though all interest in them be over; the cold, mechanical habit of living remaining, after all vital interest in it has fled.”    ―    Harriet Beecher Stowe,    Uncle Tom's Cabin
      “The man walked past me and stopped, observing the blood running down my neck."Your injury.  Let us tend to it."  He looked out through the open doorway and silently gestured to someone out there.  "Our world," he said, "is far more advanced than yours.  For reasons you'll understand shortly."A thin, bony, naked woman entered the room, carrying two small, white kittens.  She sat one of the fluffy cats in my lap and stuffed the other down my shirt.  She turned and left."There," said the large man.  "The kittens will make your sad go away.”    ―    David Wong,    John Dies at the End
      “A man who is master of himself can end a sorrow as easily as he can invent a pleasure.”    ―    Oscar Wilde,    The Picture of Dorian Gray
      “A grief without a pang, void, dark and drear,A drowsy, stifled, unimpassioned grief,Which finds no natural outlet or relief,In word, or sigh, or tear.”    ―    Samuel Taylor Coleridge
      “Sadness was so claustrophobic.”    ―    Kiran Desai,    The Inheritance of Loss
      “Among the problems with shame was that it in fact did not make you shorter or quieter or less visible. You just felt like you were.”    ―    J.R. Ward,    Lover Enshrined
      “My insides feel like they are crumbling like a towering JENGA game. I lose.”    ―    Steph Campbell,    Grounding Quinn
      “He turned away; he threw himself on his face on the sofa. 'Oh, Jane! my hope - my love - my life!' broke in anguish from his lips.”    ―    Charlotte Brontë,    Jane Eyre
      “The sky cries for those filled with sadness”    ―    Sonya Watson,    The Tide Breaker
      “He came up straight to her father, whose hands he took and wrung without a word - holding them in his for a minute or two, during which time his face, his eyes, his look, told of more sympathy than could be put into words.”    ―    Elizabeth Gaskell,    North and South
      “... me paso tanto tiempo esforzándome para no decepcionar a la gente… Y qué pasa con lo que yo quiero, ¿eh?”    ―    Elizabeth Eulberg,    The Lonely Hearts Club
      “I used to cover my windows in heavy curtains, never drawn.  Now I danced in the sunlight on my hardwood floors.”    ―    Kimberly Novosel,    Loved
      “Not easy to state the change you made.If I'm alive now, I was dead,Though, like a stone, unbothered by it.”    ―    Sylvia Plath,    The Collected Poems
      “May be its mine bad-luck Or yours not to get me But I still have hope Of being yours”    ―    Hasil Paudyal,    Blended Words
      “And why had Deb's last boyfriend dumped her?   I dumped him.   Maybe you didn't French-kiss him enough.   I promise you that wasn't it.   Tell me how many times a day you kissed, and I'll say if it was enough.   Four hundred.   Not enough.”    ―    Miranda July,    No One Belongs Here More Than You
      “Love can cause problem and love can heal humanly problems based on our virtue.”    ―    Santosh Kalwar
      “No reason to be angry. Anger just distracts from the all-encompassing sadness.”    ―    John Green,    Looking for Alaska
      “The place in her, though, where her tears should have come from, was rough and dry. No, she didn't find any tears in herself to cry for the storyteller.The storyteller didn't exist anymore.”    ―    Antonia Michaelis,    The Storyteller
      “Now Doon seemed to care for his new friends more than he did for her. Every time she thought about him she felt a thud of pain, like a bruised place inside her.”    ―    Jeanne DuPrau,    The People of Sparks
      “My demeanor isn't that of a woman enraged. To see me slumped, glassy-eyed, holding a sandwich someone has cut for me into four "manageable" pieces, a person might tell you I look much more like a woman subdued.”    ―    Koren Zailckas
      “I was the one with the open wound, and the river waters turned red when I bathed in them. My sadness is greater than the heavens.”    ―    Laura Restrepo,    The Angel of Galilea
      “I'd love to wrap myself inside your sadness and pretend it is mine”    ―    Amy Reed,    Crazy
      “Being unhappy alone isn't all that much fun, but what's even tougher is playing one's part without forgetting one's lines, coping with other people's compassion, their comments, being there with the right line when they give the cue.”    ―    François Maspero,    Cat's Grin
      “I wish I could say we all lived happily ever after. I can't. But I can say we lived. Our love for Nate lives, and he's left us this piece of himself in his art; it was his gift to us. We know him through his art, and I can take comfort in that. I guess the thing about high school is, it's the moment when you start to cross from a being a kid to being an adult, and this journey to know yourself begins. Nate's journey ended to early, and I thought I had to run away to some far-off land to start mine. But, for now, it seems to me that I have enough to explore right here. There's a whole continent to discover in myself, and I know that it's love - love for my parents, my friends, my brother, and my art - that will guide me. Love will be my map.”    ―    Lisa Ann Sandell,    A Map of the Known World
      “Can we account for instinct?' said Monte Cristo. 'Are there not some places where we seem to breathe sadness? — why, we cannot tell. It is a chain of recollections — an idea which carries you back to other times, to other places — which, very likely, have no connection with the present time and place.”    ―    Alexandre Dumas,    The Count of Monte Cristo
      “Sadness is never bad," said Amparo. "Sadness is the mirror of being happy”    ―    Tim Willocks,    The Religion
      “I wear a necklace of hope with pearly beads. When I met you, it broke, and the beads spilled all over the floor, into the gutters.”    ―    Karen Quan,    Write like no one is reading
      “I do hope that when the day comes, whether in 1, 10, or 100 years, I don’t want you to think of me and feel sad.”    ―    Esther Earl,    This Star Won't Go Out: The Life and Words of Esther Grace Earl  
      “Sometimes I'm so deeply buried under self-reproaches that I long for a word of comfort to help me dig myself out again.”    ―    Anne Frank,    The Diary of a Young Girl
      “Were it possible for us to see further than our knowledge reaches, and yet a little way beyond the outworks of our divinings, perhaps we would endure our sadnesses with greater confidence than our joys.  For they are the moments when something new has entered into us, something unknown; our feelings grow mute in shy perplexity, everything in us withdraws, a stillness comes, and the new, which no one knows, stands in the midst of it and is silent.”    ―    Rainer Maria Rilke,    Letters to a Young Poet
      “My purpose, my whole life, had been to love him and be with him, to make him happy. I didn’t want to cause any unhappiness now—in that way, I decided it was probably better than he wasn’t here to see this, though I missed him so much at that moment the ache of it was as bad as the strange pains in my belly.”    ―    W. Bruce Cameron,    A Dog's Purpose
      “Usually she ordered a cup of coffee and a cup of tea, as well as a brownie, propping up her sadness with chocolate and caffeine so that it became an anxiety.”    ―    Lorrie Moore,    Like Life
      “He was bored now when Emma suddenly began to sob on his breast; and his heart, like the people who can only stand a certain amount of music, became drowsy through indifference to the vibrations of a love whose subtleties he could no longer distinguish.”    ―    Gustave Flaubert,    Madame Bovary
      “A flower bloomed already wilting. Beginning its life with an early ending.”    ―    R.J. Gonzales,    Mundahlia
      “I have fallen into an abyss. I live in a world so curious, so strange. Of the dream that was my life, this is my nightmare.”    ―    Camille Claudel
      “Maybe this is the point: to embrace the core sadness of life without toppling headlong into it, or assuming it will define your days.”    ―    Gail Caldwell,    Let's Take the Long Way Home: A Memoir of Friendship
      “I have a soul of leadSo stakes me to the ground I cannot move.”    ―    William Shakespeare,    Romeo and Juliet
      “Every single dayI find it hard to sayI could be yours aloneYou will see somedayThat all along the wayI was yours to hold.”    ―    Skillet
      “[F]or grief is felt not so much for the want of what we have never known, as for the loss of that to which we have been long accustomed.”    ―    Pericles
      “Las lágrimas que no se lloranesperan en pequeños lagos?O serán ríos invisiblesque corren hacia la tristeza?”    ―    Pablo Neruda
      “Away from the bright motion of the party, she carried her sadness like a dark stone clenched in her palm.”    ―    Kim Edwards,    The Memory Keeper's Daughter
      “Of all the miracles Po had seen in the time and space of its death, Po thought this--the absorption of another, the carrying of it--was the most bewildering and remarkable of all. Whenever Bundle separated again, Po was left with an ache of sadness that reminded the ghost of the body it had left behind.”    ―    Lauren Oliver,    Liesl & Po
      “There is much pain that is quite noiseless; and vibrations that make human agonies are often a mere whisper in the roar of hurrying existence. There are glances of hatred that stab and raise no cry of murder; robberies that leave man or woman forever beggared of peace and joy, yet kept secret by the sufferer—committed to no sound except that of low moans in the night, seen in no writing except that made on the face by the slow months of suppressed anguish and early morning tears. Many an inherited sorrow that has marred a life has been breathed into no human ear.”    ―    George Eliot,    Felix Holt: The Radical
      “The boy was lying, fast asleep, on a rude bed upon the floor; so pale with anxiety, and sadness, and the closeness of his prison, that he looked like death; not death as it shews in shroud and coffin, but in the guise it wears when life has just departed; when a young and gentle spirit has, but an instant, fled to Heaven: and the gross air of the world has not had time to breathe upon the changing dust it hallowed.”    ―    Charles Dickens,    Oliver Twist
      “I think of the quietness of Julian’s voice as he said I love you, the steadiness of his rib cage rising and falling against my back, as we sleep.I love you, Julian. But the words don’t come.”    ―    Lauren Oliver,    Requiem
      “I am so happy that I made someone cry today - don't worry I'm a writer. It's when they make me cry that it's a problem.”    ―    Tina  Smith
      “How pale the Princess is! Never have I seen her so pale. She is like the shadow of a white rose in a mirror of silver.”    ―    Oscar Wilde,    Salome
      “لا بدّ لأحدهم أن يفطمك عن ماضيك و يشفيك من ادمانك لذكريات تنخر فى جسمك و تصيبك بترقّق الأحلام. النسيان هو الكالسيوم الوحيد الذى يقاوم هشاشة العاشق أمام الفراق”    ―    أحلام مستغانمي,    com نسيان
      “I miss you every minute of every day. If I could miss you more than that, I would.”    ―    Jourdane Erasquin
      “A lesson for all of us is that for every loss, there is victory, for every sadness, there is joy, and when you think you’ve lost everything, there is hope.”    ―    Geraldine Solon,    The Assignment
      “'Better to have loved and lost,' my ass.Anyone parroting that little platitude had obviously never lost anyone of consequence.”    ―    Nenia Campbell,    Touched with Sight
      “-Ouve esta música? É a expressão da minha vida: uma partitura admirável, estragada por um horrível, por um infame executante...”    ―    Mário de Sá-Carneiro,    A Confissão de Lúcio
      “I enjoy melancholic music and art. They take me to places I don't normally get to go.”    ―    Criss Jami,    Killosophy
      “I know the difference between sadness and depression.  Clinical depression has no source from which it springs-it just is.  Intractable sadness has nothing to do with synapses, or brain chemistry, or essential salts, it's born of something.  It's the product of injustice and helplessness.  It can be anesthetized, I suppose, but it's there, unaltered, when the medication wears off, like an intruder who has broken into your house and is still there every morning when you wake up.Given the choice, I would rather be depressed.  I've come back from depression.”    ―    Ka Hancock,    Dancing on Broken Glass
      “I was moving in a narrow range between busy distractedness and a pervasive sadness whose granules seemed to enter each cell, weighing it down... I ghosted between islands of anxiety...  a fatigue that dulled my zest, decanted it. Sorrow felt like a marble coat I couldn’t shed.”    ―    Diane Ackerman,    One Hundred Names for Love: A Memoir
      “It was only when the salt water of my tears ran into my cuts and made them stingthat I discovered I was crying.”    ―    Marian Keyes,    Anybody Out There?
      “In all my wanderings through this world of care,In all my griefs -- and God has given my share --I still had hopes, my latest hours to crown,Amidst these humble bowers to lay me down;To husband out life's taper at the close,And keep the flame from wasting, by repose:I still had hopes, for pride attends us still,Amidst the swains to show my book-learn'd skill,Around my fire an evening group to draw,And tell of all I felt, and all I saw;And, as a hare, whom hounds and horns pursue,Pants to the place from whence at first she flew,I still had hopes, my long vexations past,Here to return -- and die at home at last.”    ―    Oliver Goldsmith
      “So don't be frightened, dear friend, if a sadness confronts you larger than any you have ever known, casting its shadow over all you do. You must think that something is happening within you, and remember that life has not forgotten you; it holds you in its hand and will not let you fall. Why would you want to exclude from your life any uneasiness, any pain, any depression, since you don't know what work they are accomplishing within you?”    ―    Rainer Maria Rilke,    Letters to a Young Poet  
      “Man cries, his tears dry up and run out. So he becomes a devil, reduced to a monster.”    ―    Kohta Hirano
      “The times that were most fun seemed always to be followed by sadness now, because it was when life started to feel like it did when she was with us that we realized how utterly gone she was.”    ―    John Green,    Looking for Alaska
      “She knew that there were all kinds of ways to make a conquest and that one of the surest roads to a woman's genitals was through her sadness.”    ―    Milan Kundera,    The Book of Laughter and Forgetting
      “Not a whit, we defy augury: there's a specialprovidence in the fall of a sparrow. If it be now,'tis not to come; if it be not to come, it will benow; if it be not now, yet it will come: thereadiness is all.”    ―    William Shakespeare,    Hamlet
      “She was becoming sad. There is no joy involved in following others' expectations of yourself”    ―    Miriam Toews,    Swing Low
      “Thinking about spaghetti that boils eternally but is never done is a sad, sad thing.”    ―    Haruki Murakami,    Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman
      “Come here, let me share a bit of wisdom with you.Have you given much thought to our mortal condition?Probably not. Why would you? Well, listen.All mortals owe a debt to death.There's no one alivewho can say if he will be tomorrow.Our fate moves invisibly! A mystery.No one can teach it, no one can grasp it.Accept this! Cheer up! Have a drink!But don't forget Aphrodite--that's one sweet goddess.You can let the rest go. Am I making sense?I think so. How about a drink.Put on a garland. I'm surethe happy splash of wine will cure your mood.We're all mortal you know. Think mortal.Because my theory is, there's no such thing as life,it's just catastrophe.”    ―    Anne Carson,    Grief Lessons: Four Plays by Euripides
      “To me, life is sad, like a piano with no pedals being played by a person with no fingers. ”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    This Book is Not FOR SALE
      “You can not protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.”    ―    Jonathan Safran Foer
      “Ceaseless as the interminable voices of the bell-cricket, all night till dawn my tears flow.”    ―    Murasaki Shikibu,    The Tale of Genji
      “The girl I used to love is no longer a girl, and this saddens me more than our separation. It puts my own mortality vividly on display, in contrast to my eternally youthful memories.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    Seriously delirious, but not at all serious
      “لقد علمتني أنه من الممكن الاستمرار في الحياة ، ولا يهم مقدار الحزن الذي نعانيه”    ―    Nicholas Sparks,    Message in a Bottle
      “I am not sad, he would repeat to himself over and over, I am not sad. As if he might one day convince himself. Or fool himself. Or convince others—the only thing worse than being sad is for others to know that you are sad. I am not sad. I am not sad. Because his life had unlimited potential for happiness, insofar as it was an empty white room. He would fall asleep with his heart at the foot of his bed, like some domesticated animal that was no part of him at all. And each morning he would wake with it again in the cupboard of his rib cage, having become a little heavier, a little weaker, but still pumping. And by the midafternoon he was again overcome with the desire to be somewhere else, someone else, someone else somewhere else. I am not sad.”    ―    Jonathan Safran Foer,    Everything Is Illuminated
      “This sadness wasn't a huge part of me--I wasn't remotely depressed--but still, it was like a stone I carried in my pocket. I always knew it was there. [p. 179]”    ―    Dani Shapiro,    Devotion: A Memoir
      “I can't even tell you what else I imagined. I can only humiliate myself to such a degree; at a certain point it becomes humorous, and this story is not meant to be humorous. This story is meant to winch your ribs open and tamper with your heart. This story is meant to make you realize that your chances of happiness in this world are terribly slim if you lack a fine imagination.”    ―    Heidi Julavits,    The Effect of Living Backwards
      “Gradually, we have become each other's weather.”    ―    Paul Zweig,    Eternity's Woods
      “Our own front door can be a wonderful thing, or a sight we dread; rarely is it only a door.”    ―    Jeanette Winterson,    Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?
      “A tear rolled down my cheekAnd more came downUntil tears rolled down like a stream.My eyes were blind with tears for you.They washed my eyes till I could see.”    ―    Calvin O'John,    Anthology of Poetry and Verse Written by Students in Creative Writing Classes and Clubs During the First Three Years of Operation (1962-1965) of the Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, New Mexico
      “I want her back" I said "I want HIM back"~Charlie”    ―    Ann M. Martin,    Everything for a Dog
      “Expect more get less and feel sadness Or expect less get more and feel happiness”    ―    Vijay Dhameliya
      “Sometimes I think if we didn’t have these problems the whole world would stop spinning on her axis, we’d all stop spinning on our axises, axes, or whatever you want to call them, and then we’d have to settle into the nasty business of finding a way to be happy.”    ―    Daniel Clausen,    Ghosts of Nagasaki: Silence
      “If he does go, the change will be doleful. Suppose he should be absent spring, summer, and autumn: how joyless sunshine and fine days will seem!”    ―    Charlotte Brontë,    Jane Eyre
      “It's like a Venn diagram of tragedy.”    ―    Sara Zarr,    Once Was Lost
      “she drew me. But not who  I see in the mirror. Nia saw the Oscar i keep hidden. And she put him on paper.   Nobody sees the real me.”    ―    Pam Bachorz,    Candor
      “Those places where sadness and misery abound are favoured settings for stories of ghosts and apparitions. Calcutta has countless such stories hidden in its darkness, stories that nobody wants to admit they believe but which nevertheless survive in the memory of generations as the only chronicle of the past. It is as if the people who inhabit the streets, inspired by some mysterious wisdom, relalise that the true history of Calcutta has always been written in the invisible tales of its spirits and unspoken curses.”    ―    Carlos Ruiz Zafón,    The Midnight Palace
      “Loving someone isn’t a hard task, it’s not a chore, you don’t wake up one day and decide to break their heart because you got all hot and bothered, that doesn’t happen!” he boomed.”    ―    Holly Hood
      “النسيان خطًى يبلغ المرء فى نهايتها مشارف حبّ جديد”    ―    أحلام مستغانمي,    com نسيان
      “Soy lo único que me queda de tí”    ―    Augusto Lunel
      “Spontaneous insanity is the real bliss! It's sad that we are honored for playing sane, serious, safe, miserable and controlling in this poor world.”    ―    Saurabh Sharma
      “She had known happiness, exquisite happiness, intense happiness, and it silvered the rough waves a little more brightly, as daylight faded, and the blue went out of the sea and it rolled in waves of pure lemon which curved and swelled and broke upon the beach and the ecstasy burst in her eyes and waves of pure delight raced over the floor of her mind and she felt, It is enough! It is enough!”    ―    Virginia Woolf,    To the Lighthouse  
      “How little our careers express what lies in us, and yet how much time they take up. It's sad, really.”    ―    Philip Larkin,    Philip Larkin: Letters to Monica
      “It is such a secret place, the land of tears.”    ―    Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
      “She laughed so easily when she was happy. But also when she was sad.”    ―    Janet Fitch,    White Oleander
      “Everyone I say stop bullying it is sad and tears someones heart apart and next thing they do is Suicide because they think that is the right next step!If you are a Person who gets bullied find someone who will stop this! Don't just kill yourself for the other person to be happy because you are gone! They are just jealous of you and want to start problems and make you a troublemaker! Ignore those mean cruel evil people in you life and spend time with the nice caring sweet loving angels of yours! :DBecause bullying is a dumb and stupid waste of time!Try to shake it off the mean hurtful stuff and keep on doing the right stuff that is going to help you become a better person and when i say a better person i mean more than a better person!~Skye Daphne~”    ―    Skye Daphne,    The Witch who was a princess
      “In the moonlight which is always sad, as the light of the sun itself is--as the light called human life is--at its coming and its going.”    ―    Charles Dickens,    A Tale of Two Cities
      “If one is to deal with people on a large scale and say what one thinks, how can one avoid melancholy? I don’t admit to being hopeless, though: only the spectacle is a profoundly strange one; and as the current answers don’t do, one has to grope for a new one, and the process of discarding the old, when one is by no means certain what to put in their place, is a sad one.”    ―    Virginia Woolf,    A Writer's Diary
      “He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness.”    ―    Alexandre Dumas
      “I’M SORRYI am developing a new board game. It’s called “I’m Sorry.” It’s also a form of “Self-Help Psychological Therapy!”You take turns moving around the board like Monopoly. But if you land on a Yellow or Green “I’m Sorry Space”… you have to make a Phone call. Both green and yellow cards are labeled- the same with things like: Your Ex, Parental figure, friend, co-worker, boss, children, etc. You get the point…If you land on the yellow space, the game stops, everyone gets quiet and you have to call that person up – on speakerphone. You apologize for something you’ve done in your past. Come on you know you are not perfect and you probably screwed up, hurt or disappointed everyone in your past at one time or another. So you call and you apologize. You explain what you did to them wrong if they forgive you, you move forward 10 places and everyone cheers! No forgiveness back- you move back to the beginning.If you land on the green space- it’s similar. But you call the person up and you try to explain to them how, in someway, they hurt you in the past. If they apologize… cheers and you move forward 10 spaces. No apology… move backward ten spaces. They curse at you- game over.In the original packaging of the yellow and green cards, are mixed in a set of “I’m Sorry Cards.” If you are lucky enough to get to pick up an “I’m Sorry Card,” it’s like a Get Out of Jail Free Card, and you don’t have to make the call.The only catch is that the cards come hermetically sealed. After opening up the package, and the cards are exposed to air, all of the “I’m Sorry Cards,” magically turn into “Deal With it Cards!” And so, you really never get a free ride. In reality, every time you pick up a yellow or green card, you have to- Deal with It!Of course you can always order a new factory set of sealed of “I’m Sorry Cards.” But they only last about 30 minutes and are very expensive, so you’ll have to play fast. Cute Game? Hey, don’t steal my idea!!!”    ―    José N. Harris,    Mi Vida
      “I think the saddest people always try their hardest to make people happy because they know what it’s like to feel absolutely worthless and they don’t want anyone else to feel like that.”    ―    Robin Williams
      “Il ne savait pas encore s'il souffrait parce qu'il suivait une pente et que l'avenir venait à lui sans qu'il eût à s'en saisir. Quand on s'abandonne on ne souffre pas. Quand on s'abandonne même à la tristesse on ne souffre plus.”    ―    Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,    Southern Mail
      “I wanted to keep looking at her because I wanted to never take my eyes from her, but still I had tolower my eyes, I was so ashamed that even now Jenny was reading my mind so perfectly.'Listen, that's the only goddamn thing I'm asking, Ollie. Otherwise, I know you'll be okay.' That thing in my gut was stirring again, so I was afraid to even speak the word 'okay.' I justlooked mutely at Jenny.”    ―    Erich Segal,    Love Story
      “Remembering bred its own peculiar sorrow. It seemed so unfair: that time should render both sadness and happiness into a source of pain.”    ―    Rohinton Mistry,    A Fine Balance
      “to the glory of His name let me witness that in far away lands, in loneliness (deepest sometimes when it seems least so), in times of downheartedness and tiredness and sadness, always always He is near.  He does comfort, if we let Him.  Perhaps someone as weak and good-for-nothing as even I am may read this.  Don't be afraid!  Through all circumstances, outside, inside, He can keep me close.”    ―    Amy Carmichael
      “Have you ever thought, thought your heart would break? Wished you could cut open your chest tear it out to stop the pain? Why don´t you riot like everyone else. I don't care, life's too long. You can have any man you want. I want him...except him. Always suspected the world didn't smell of fresh paint and flowers. Smells of piss and human sweat If there could have been more moments like this.”    ―    Sarah Kane
      “I often wish I'd got on better with your father,' he said.But he never liked anyone who--our friends,' said Clarissa; and could have bitten her tongue for thus reminding Peter that he had wanted to marry her.Of course I did, thought Peter; it almost broke my heart too, he thought; and was overcome with his own grief, which rose like a moon looked at from a terrace, ghastly beautiful with light from the sunken day. I was more unhappy than I've ever been since, he thought. And as if in truth he were sitting there on the terrace he edged a little towards Clarissa; put his hand out; raised it; let it fall. There above them it hung, that moon. She too seemed to be sitting with him on the terrace, in the moonlight.”    ―    Virginia Woolf,    Mrs. Dalloway
      “أن الحزن سوف يتضاءل في وقت ما ، حتى ولو لم يتلاشى تمامًا ، لكنه بعد فترة لن يكون شديدًا”    ―    Nicholas Sparks,    Dear John
      “I tell you solemnly, that I have many times tried to become an insect. But I was not equal even to that. I swear, gentlemen, that to be too conscious is an illness- a real thorough-going illness.”    ―    Fyodor Dostoyevsky,    Notes from Underground
      “Never such innocence,Never before or since,As changed itself to pastWithout a word--the menLeaving the gardens tidy,The thousands of marriagesLasting a little while longer:Never such innocence again.”    ―    Philip Larkin
      “Future is one of the wildest experiences that you will ever have.”    ―    J.T.Abraham
      “It is sad that people need alcohol to make them happy.”    ―    Habeeb Akande
      “في أوقات الحزن و الأسى سأضمك إلى صدري و أهدهدك ، وأجعل من أحزانك أحزاني ، فالشيء الذي يبكيك يبكيني ، والشيء الذي يجرحك يجرحني”    ―    Nicholas Sparks,    The Notebook
      “Maria cries unashamedly on my shoulder while I whisper and pet her cheek, but Anastasia grips my other hand and stares fiercely back at our Alexander Palace with her wet blue eyes until it is no more than a lemon-colored speck against the sunrise.”    ―    Sarah  Miller,    The Lost Crown
      “[Robert's eulogy at his brother, Ebon C. Ingersoll's grave. Even the great orator Robert Ingersoll was choked up with tears at the memory of his beloved brother]The record of a generous life runs like a vine around the memory of our dead, and every sweet, unselfish act is now a perfumed flower.Dear Friends: I am going to do that which the dead oft promised he would do for me.The loved and loving brother, husband, father, friend, died where manhood's morning almost touches noon, and while the shadows still were falling toward the west.He had not passed on life's highway the stone that marks the highest point; but, being weary for a moment, he lay down by the wayside, and, using his burden for a pillow, fell into that dreamless sleep that kisses down his eyelids still. While yet in love with life and raptured with the world, he passed to silence and pathetic dust.Yet, after all, it may be best, just in the happiest, sunniest hour of all the voyage, while eager winds are kissing every sail, to dash against the unseen rock, and in an instant hear the billows roar above a sunken ship. For whether in mid sea or 'mong the breakers of the farther shore, a wreck at last must mark the end of each and all. And every life, no matter if its every hour is rich with love and every moment jeweled with a joy, will, at its close, become a tragedy as sad and deep and dark as can be woven of the warp and woof of mystery and death.This brave and tender man in every storm of life was oak and rock; but in the sunshine he was vine and flower. He was the friend of all heroic souls. He climbed the heights, and left all superstitions far below, while on his forehead fell the golden dawning, of the grander day.He loved the beautiful, and was with color, form, and music touched to tears. He sided with the weak, the poor, and wronged, and lovingly gave alms. With loyal heart and with the purest hands he faithfully discharged all public trusts.He was a worshipper of liberty, a friend of the oppressed. A thousand times I have heard him quote these words: 'For Justice all place a temple, and all season, summer!' He believed that happiness was the only good, reason the only torch, justice the only worship, humanity the only religion, and love the only priest. He added to the sum of human joy; and were every one to whom he did some loving service to bring a blossom to his grave, he would sleep to-night beneath a wilderness of flowers.Life is a narrow vale between the cold and barren peaks of two eternities. We strive in vain to look beyond the heights. We cry aloud, and the only answer is the echo of our wailing cry. From the voiceless lips of the unreplying dead there comes no word; but in the night of death hope sees a star and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing.He who sleeps here, when dying, mistaking the approach of death for the return of health, whispered with his latest breath, 'I am better now.' Let us believe, in spite of doubts and dogmas, of fears and tears, that these dear words are true of all the countless dead.And now, to you, who have been chosen, from among the many men he loved, to do the last sad office for the dead, we give his sacred dust.Speech cannot contain our love. There was, there is, no gentler, stronger, manlier man.”    ―    Robert G. Ingersoll,    Some Mistakes of Moses
      “He did not know that the Old One was his father, for such a relationship was utterly beyond his understanding, but as he looked at the emaciated body he felt a dim disquiet that was the ancestor of sadness.”    ―    Arthur C. Clarke,    2001: A Space Odyssey
      “Have I thought long to see this morning’s face,And doth it give me such a sight as this?”    ―    William Shakespeare,    Romeo and Juliet
      “The more death, the more birth. People are entering, others are exiting. The cry of a baby, the mourning of others. When others cry, the other are laughing and making merry. The world is mingled with sadness, joy, happiness, anger, wealth, poverty, etc.”    ―    Michael Bassey Johnson
      “Toward dawn we shared with youyour hour of desolation,the huge lingering passionof your unearthly out cry,as you swung your blind headtowards us and laboriously openeda bloodshot, glistening eye,in which we swam with terror and recognition.”    ―    Stanley Kunitz
      “Gran parte de una desgracia cualquiera consiste, por así decirlo, en la sombra de la desgracia, en la reflexión sobre ella. Es decir en el hecho de que no se limite uno a sufrir, sino que se vea obligado a seguir considerando el hecho de que sufre.”    ―    C.S. Lewis,    A Grief Observed
      “It is with great sadness that I blow my nose.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    99 Cents For Some Nonsense
      “Someday, beyond the clouds and all the world's wrongs, there will be love, compassion and justice, and we shall all understand.”    ―    Flavia Weedn,    To Take Away the Hurt: Insights into Healing  
      “No one loves me, - no one cares for me, but you, mother.”    ―    Elizabeth Gaskell,    North and South
      “You know what Marshall needs to do. He needs to stop being sad. When I get sad, I stop being sad, and be awesome instead. True story.”    ―    Barney Stinson
      “And a rock feels no pain;And an island never cries.”    ―    Paul Simon,    Lyrics 1964-2008
      “Stir not the bitterness in the cup that I mixed for myself,' said Denethor. 'Have I not tasted it now many nights upon my tongue, foreboding that worse lay in the dregs?”    ―    J.R.R. Tolkien,    The Return of the King
      “My boyfriend is named Percocet," I say. "We're very close. I even went to Europe with him last summer.”    ―    E. Lockhart,    We Were Liars
      “There were happy days, with watermelon, and sad days of whiskey.”    ―    Lewis Nordan
      “That which others hear or read of, I felt and practised myself; they get their knowledge by books, I mine by melancholizing.”    ―    Robert Burton,    The Anatomy of Melancholy
      “Then he thought himself unhappy, but happiness was all in the future; now he felt that the best happiness was already in the past.”    ―    Leo Tolstoy,    Anna Karenina
      “She struggled with her sadness, but tried to conceal it, to divide it into smaller and smaller parts and scatter these in places she thought no one would find them. But often I did - with time I learned where to look - and tried to fit them together. It pained me that she felt she couldn't come to me with it, but I knew it would hurt her more to know that I'd uncovered what she hadn't intended for me to find. In some fundamental way I think she objected to being known. Or resented it even as she longed for it. It offended her sense of freedom. But it isn't possible to simply look upon a person one loves in tranquility, content to regard her in bafflement.”    ―    Nicole Krauss,    Great House
      “Sometimes you have to get sad before you get happy 'cause otherwise how would you know the difference?”    ―    Maureen Child,    And Then Came You: Sam's Story
      “I rode all day.I cried all night.The moon didn’t glow.The sun didn’t rise.A comet blazedBetween my eyes.West and South,Wind and rain.Every way isJust the same.Pray give me a boxTo hide inside.Pray give me a spadeTo dig my own grave.”    ―    Gail Carson Levine,    Fairest
      “Howl pointed a shaky hand up toward the canopy of his bed. “That’s why I love spiders. ‘If at first you don’t succeed, try, try, try, again.’ I keep trying,” he said with great sadness. “But I brought it on myself by making a bargain some years ago, and I know I shall never be able to love anyone properly now.”The water running out of Howl’s eyes was definitely tears now.”    ―    Diana Wynne Jones,    Howl's Moving Castle
      “Sometimes when you are sad enough , your soul becomes ghost for you.”    ―    Irfan ishaq
      “Flower will not grow, if the stem doesn't allow”    ―    Nayreil
      “Dreadful will be the day when the world becomes contented, when one great universal satisfaction spreads itself over the world. Sad will be the day for every man when he becomes absolutely contented with the life that he is living, with the thoughts that he is thinking, with the deeds that he is doing, when there is not forever beating at the doors of his soul some great desire to do something larger which he knows that he was meant and made to do because he is a child of God.”    ―    Phillips Brooks
      “Some decisions in life naturally lead to an unhappy ending, leaving you sinking by degrees in a lake of quicksand.  And, unless someone reaches to pull you out, chances are you will drown in the consequences.”    ―    Richelle E. Goodrich,    Smile Anyway: Quotes, Verse, & Grumblings for Every Day of the Year
      “I knew if I ate anything of hers again, it would lkely tell me the same message: help me, I am not happy, help me -- like a message in a bottle sent in each meal to the eater, and I got it. I got the message.”    ―    Aimee Bender,    The Particular Sadness of Lemon Cake
      “Knowing the Techniques of Survival........Our fears and anxieties will often drive us to build impenetrable walls that act like blinders deflecting others and preventing us from seeing who surrounds us. Getting focused to the things that matter are the Key to what has to be to COMPLETE our MISSION. "I Had Every Excuse to Fail but I Chose None" Speak Life!!!(sky)”    ―    Sebastian K. Young,    I Had Every Excuse to Fail, but I Chose None
      “Moonlight filtered in through the blinds illuminating their bedroom, but the bright glow couldn’t penetrate the darkness that surrounded her heart.”    ―    J.E.B. Spredemann,    An Unforgivable Secret
      “When trying to find the words to tell her how much I loved her, I stumbled across the ingredients for grilled cheese sandwiches. That’s when I realized she was the melted cheese to my toast. And the guy she’s currently seeing, the guy she left me for, well, I guess he is the tomato soup.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    This Book Has No Title
      “تمر بي لحظات أحسد فيها الميتين، فكل إنسان منا يتمنى أن يسمع هو عبارات الحب والشوق وآهات الفراق التي يتلقاها الميت الذي لم يعد يصغي لها اللآن”    ―    ياسر حارب,    بيكاسو وستاربكس
      “He didn't understand how sadness came so easily to people. For him it was like a pile of rocks that had to be moved one at a time. Just thinking about it made him tired.”    ―    Nell Freudenberger,    The Dissident
      “I Am!I am—yet what I am none cares or knows; My friends forsake me like a memory lost: I am the self-consumer of my woes— They rise and vanish in oblivious host, Like shadows in love’s frenzied stifled throes And yet I am, and live—like vapours tossed Into the nothingness of scorn and noise, Into the living sea of waking dreams, Where there is neither sense of life or joys, But the vast shipwreck of my life’s esteems; Even the dearest that I loved the best Are strange—nay, rather, stranger than the rest. I long for scenes where man hath never trod A place where woman never smiled or wept There to abide with my Creator, God, And sleep as I in childhood sweetly slept, Untroubling and untroubled where I lie The grass below—above the vaulted sky.”    ―    John Clare,    "I Am": The Selected Poetry of John Clare
      “If you are happy for a day, a thousand people notice it, but when you are sad for years, everyone just walks away.”    ―    M.F. Moonzajer,    LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS
      “Sadness is not the beginning or end of a process, but the lag between pleasure and happiness.”    ―    Isra
      “After school the very next day, El Rey's mobile home was gone.  I laid in bed and wondered what happens to people when they go, if they become like shadows, if they fade away when they disappear from your life.  The only thing I could see was the broken picket fence.  The only sound I could hear was the cry of birds being killed in the night.”    ―    Joe Meno,    Tender as Hellfire
      “Let her go,” Brendan said, and Will did. And that was the biggest mistake of his life. Letting her go.”    ―    Allie Burke,    Paper Souls
      “An empty room holds nothing but memories. At least it would, if I didn’t just finish packing up the last of the sadness.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    This Book is Not FOR SALE
      “Her sadness was like a deep well just beneath the surface of her determination.”    ―    Sage Steadman,    Upon Destiny's Song
      “Never did anybody look so sad. Bitter and black, halfway down, in the darkness, in the shaft which ran from the sunlight to the depths, perhaps a tear formed; a tear fell; the waves swayed this way and that, received it, and were at rest. Never did anybody look so sad.”    ―    Virginia Woolf,    To the Lighthouse  
      “It makes me sick, the way sadness is addicting. The way I can’t stop. Sadness is familiar. It’s comfortable and it’s easy in a sense that it comes naturally to me. But everything else about it is hard. The way my body aches with self-hatred. The way my mind spins and spins with hopeless thoughts. The way it poisons everything I do, every relationship I have. Yet it’s addicting, because I know sadness, and I know it very well. And there’s a sort of comfort in that, like being home after a trip or sleeping in your own bed after being away. There’s just a sense that this is where I belong. This is how it’s supposed to be.”    ―    marianna paige
      “She was like a lone angel floating above the surface of the earth, laughing with delight because she could fly but crying out of loneliness.”    ―    Markus Zusak,    The Book Thief
      “You know, he told me once, completely exasperated, you've got one glass of water inside your head, with all the tears for a lifetime. If you waste them over nothing, then you won't be able to cry for real when you need to.”    ―    Jodi Picoult,    Lone Wolf
      “Birds sing even when the world is filled with sadness. I don't know why people can't do the same thing.”    ―    Michael Gilbert,    Perfected Sinfulness
      “أن تكون حزينًا يعني أن يلاحقك سوء الطالع ، فلا شيء يحدث كما كنت تتمناه”    ―    Tahar Ben Jelloun,    البلد
      “Tears are God's way of cleansing the heart.”    ―    Rebecca Barlow Jordan
      “What made losing someone you loved bearable was not remembering but forgetting. Forgetting small things first... it's amazing how much you could forget, and everything you forgot made that person less alive inside you until you could finally endure it. After more time passed you could let yourself remember, even want to remember. But even then what you felt those first days  could return and remind you the grief was still there, like old barbed wire embedded in a tree's heartwood.”    ―    Ron Rash,    Serena
      “Politics was his passion, but he wasn't suited for the rough-and-tumble of the game. He felt things too deeply. There was no wall between his head and his heart.”    ―    Anderson Cooper
      “Some of the most beautiful things we have in life comes from our mistakes.”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “Empty teacups gathered around her and dictionary pages fell at her feet.”    ―    Nicole Krauss,    The History of Love
      “that was bad; i shouldn't have done thatto prevent you from entering a catatonic statei am going to maintain a calm facial expressionwith crinkly eyes and an overall friendly demeanori believe in a human being that is not upseti believe if you are working i should not be insaneor upset--why am i ever insane or upset and not working?i vacuumed the entire house this morningi cleaned the kitchen and the computer roomand i made you a meat helmet with computer paperthe opportunity for change exists in each moment, all moments are aloneand separate from other moments, and there are a limited number of momentsand the idea of change is a delusion of positive or negative thinkingyour hands are covering your faceand your body moves like a statuewhen i try to manipulate an appendageif i could just get you to cry tears of joy one more time”    ―    Tao Lin,    Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy
      “لم أكن أعرف بعد أن الحزن لا يزول بالكامل أبدًا ، وأنه يبقى تحت الجلد ؛ ومن دونه ماكان لي اليوم أن أكون نفسي ، ولما استطعت التعرف على نفسي في المرآة”    ―    Isabel Allende,    La suma de los días
      “...sadness is a powerful foe, maybe harder to keep down than happiness...”    ―    Katherine Hannigan,    Ida B. . . and Her Plans to Maximize Fun, Avoid Disaster, and (Possibly) Save the World
      “He smiles sadly. "Now I know my destiny.""What is it?""This."He draws me in to him in a kiss.  His lips are warm.  He pulls me tighter in his embrace. The roots sigh and release their hold on my waist and the wound in my side is healed. "Kartik," I cry, kissing his cheeks.  "It's let me go.""That's good," he says. He makes a small cry. His back arches, and every muscle  in his body tightens.”    ―    Libba Bray,    The Sweet Far Thing
      “There is often grief that comes with loving, Moshe. But it is worth it.”    ―    Bodie Thoene,    The Return to Zion
      “When she woke up crying for one of her nightmares, the Kolker would stay with her, brush her hair with his hands, collect her tears in thimbles for her to drink the next morning (The only way to overcome sadness is to consume it, he said), and more than that: once her eyes closed and she fell back asleep, he was left to bear the insomnia. There was a complete transfer, like a speeding billiard ball colliding with a resting one. Should Brod feel depressed - she was always depressed - the Kolker would sit with her until he could convince her that it’s OK. It is. Really. And when she would move on with her day, he would stay behind, paralysed with a grief he couldn’t name and that wasn’t his. Should Brod become sick, it was the Kolker that would be bedridden by week’s end. Should Brod feel bored, knowing too many languages, too many facts, with too much knowledge to be happy, the Kolker would stay up all night studying her books, studying the pictures, so the next day he could try to make the kind of small talk that would please his young wife.”    ―    Jonathan Safran Foer
      “An old walrus-faced waiter attended to me; he had the knack of pouring the coffee and the hot milk from two jugs, held high in the air, and I found this entrancing, as if he were a child's magician. One day he said to me - he had some English - "Why are you sad?""I'm not sad," I said, and began to cry. Sympathy from strangers can be ruinous."You should not be sad," he said, gazing at me with his melancholy, leathery walrus eyes. "It must be the love. But you are young and pretty, you will have time to be sad later." The French are connoisseurs of sadness, they know all the kinds. This is why they have bidets. "It is criminal, the love," he said, patting my shoulder. "But none is worse.”    ―    Margaret Atwood,    The Blind Assassin
      “It wasn't the aloneness that Liz minded. It was the silence. It echoed.”    ―    Amy Zhang
      “She thought of Henry and Diana on the stoop gazing at each other with the confusion and sadness of two puppies who have just stumbled into their first puddle and not yet come to understand what has happened to them and found that she wanted to lie extravagantly.”    ―    Anna Godbersen,    Envy
      “In search of Truth the hopeful zealot goes,But all the sadder tums, the more he knows!”    ―    H.P. Lovecraft
      “Success and failure can both make you lose appetite and concentration, don't let it bother or over-excite you, just think them away as a mere thing that had just happened, and get along with your life.”    ―    Michael Bassey Johnson
      “How am I going to tell the kids? How do I tell the man that I love, the man that I swore I’d grow old with that we won’t have that happy ending that he and I have worked so hard for? How do I say goodbye to all of you? How do I let go?”    ―    Nicole Ireland,    A Second Chance
      “أن الحياة فيها المسرات و الأحزان ، ولم يكن الأمر يستحق الطاقة لينزعج المرء من الأحزان ، ليس لأنه لا مفر منها وحسب بل ولأنها تنقضي أيضًا”    ―    Nicholas Sparks,    Three Weeks With My Brother
      “I had a dream where I lost Cap’n among the hundreds of black and white cats and they all looked nearly identical to him. It was such a sad dream that it made me drool out of my eyes. ”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    This is the best book I've ever written, and it still sucks
      “When I feel sad, I try to think of someone else in the world who is suffering worse than me. Like someone in Seattle, who is hurting so bad financially that instead of a vente coffee at Starbucks every morning, they have to downsize to grande.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    This Book is Not FOR SALE
      “Weeping willows remind me of summer. And sadness. I wonder if tissues are made out of their trunks.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    This Book is Not FOR SALE
      “Lebedev: A time has come of sorrow and sadness for you. Man, my dear friend, is like a samovar. It doesn't always stand on a shelf in the chill but sometimes they put hot coals in it and it goes psh... psh! This comparison is worthless but you won't think up a cleverer one.”    ―    Anton Chekhov,    Ivanov
      “In such a person, sadness breeds purpose; finding inspiration in the darkness and often times, I believe, they will impress a hell onto their own lives in order to re-create it, that others might suffer the experience from the comfort of their armchairs. - Quote from Her Past's Present.”    ―    Michael Poeltl
      “Los ojos se me llenaron de lágrimas. El dolor del duelo es como un invitado borracho, cuando parece que se ha marchado, vuelve a darte un último abrazo.”    ―    Stephen King
      “sad things are beautiful only from a distancetherefore you just want to get away from themfrom a distance of one hundred and thirty years ....i'm going to distance myself until the world is beautiful”    ―    Tao Lin,    this emotion was a little e-book  
      “This planet has — or rather had — a problem, which was this: most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much all of the time.”    ―    Douglas Adams,    The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
      “Clearly God was in some kind of mood on my birthday.”    ―    Jodi Picoult,    My Sister's Keeper
      “What’s the halfway point on a burrito called? Sadness.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    This Book is Not FOR SALE
      “If you have a dog, you will most likely outlive it; to get a dog is to open yourself to profound joy and, prospectively, to equally profound sadness.”    ―    Marjorie Garber
      “The nostalgia of a moment's love can be an illusionary precipice from which we fall from truth; in heartbreak, what we escape to in the past is what tortures us in the present.”    ―    Mike  Norton
      “He had the same look on his face that I had every day when I looked in the mirror. He was nothing more than a shell of a person.”    ―    Amy Lichtenhan,    Pulled
      “This is how sudden things happened that haunted forever.”    ―    Daniel Woodrell,    Winter's Bone
      “No one is adequate to comprehending the misery of my lot! Fate obliges me to be constantly in movement: I am not permitted to pass more than a fortnight in the same place. I have no Friend in the world, and from the restlessness of my destiny I never can acquire one. Fain would I lay down my miserable life, for I envy those who enjoy the quiet of the Grave: But Death eludes me, and flies from my embrace. In vain do I throw myself in the way of danger. I plunge into the Ocean; The Waves throw me back with abhorrence upon the shore: I rush into fire; The flames recoil at my approach: I oppose myself to the fury of Banditti; Their swords become blunted, and break against my breast: The hungry Tiger shudders at my approach, and the Alligator flies from a Monster more horrible than itself. God has set his seal upon me, and all his Creatures respect this fatal mark!”    ―    Matthew Gregory Lewis,    The Monk
      “...to make art is to realize another's sadness within, realize the hidden sadness in other people's lives, to feel sad with and for a stranger.”    ―    Marianne Wiggins,    The Shadow Catcher
      “I gave up the unequal struggle against what appeared to be in my fate, indeed, I welcomed it with more affection. As one embraces a foe one can't defeat and I felt liberated.”    ―    Alberto Moravia,    The Woman of Rome
      “It's ok to be a fool once or twice but never let it be a third time. Be smart and pretend to be a fool and at the end of the hunt make sure you're the one that has the gun.”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “...waktu sudah membekukan lidahku untuk meratap.”    ―    Lan Fang,    Perempuan Kembang Jepun
      “So, as a seventh grader,no, you weren't friends with people you didnt like. But sometimesyou also werent friends with people you did like, which was complicated, and which didnt make any sence if you tried to explain it. Sometimes things just changed. Thats where the sadness came in.”    ―    Lauren Myracle
      “No one can usurp the heights...But those to whom the miseries of the worldAre misery, and will not let them rest.”    ―    John Keats
      “I sat in the gradually chilling room, thinking of my whole past the way a drowning man is supposed to, and it seemed part of the present, part of the gray cold and the beggar woman without a face and the moulting birds frozen to their own filth in the Orangerie. I know now I was in the throes of some small glandular crisis, a sublimated bilious attack, a flick from the whip of melancholia, but then it was terrifying...nameless....”    ―    M.F.K. Fisher,    The Art of Eating: 50th Anniversary Edition
      “Here is a minute. It may be my love is dead, but here is a minute to kneel over the grave and pray by it.”    ―    William Makepeace Thackeray,    The Virginians Volume II
      “Waktu itu semua sudah tidak ada yang bisa kuingat. Karena waktu itu kata-kata sudah seakan tidak berarti lagi. Yang ada di memoriku hanyalahwarna pekat. Kucari warna-waran lain , tidak pernah ada. Bahkan putih pun sudah seperti jelaga.”    ―    Lan Fang,    Perempuan Kembang Jepun
      “You are a most effective killer, Michel. Is it true you wept like a child when they killed your sister? That you cried out in agony as if the sword had pierced your own heart? Such compassion. Does your handiwork not bring you to tears as well?”    ―    P.A. Minyard,    The Beloved
      “if you love someone so much and they love you as the same dont let go of them fite for them showem how you true feel no lies no bs but if they are not worth it then leave and find your happiness”    ―    Mike Radcliff Jr
      “He's following me... He needs to have a secret but he can´t help telling the heat is going out of me. The heart is going out of me, and though she cannot remember she cannot forget. Clutching a fistful of sand. What ties me to you is guilt. I crossed two rivers and wept by one I am the beast at the end of the rope Happy and free.”    ―    Sarah Kane,    Ansia - 4.48 Psicosis
      “Weeping willows always remind me of summer. And sadness. Please stop crying sweet tree.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    This Book is Not FOR SALE
      “Idyllic memories are merely a jeweled noose.”    ―    Orlando Ricardo Menes
      “عندما تأتي الأيام السوداء التي لا تخلف موعدها أبدًا ، لنتذكر بأن السعادة ليست اختراعًا اختلقه الساذجون ، ليخدعوا به أنفسهم”    ―    Álvaro Mutis,    Abdul Bashur, soñador de navíos
      “We have talked about Suzy and about her last days, but it's as if our lives stopped then and there. If I say anything to him about feeling lonesome, he goes outside and does some little chore. I can't tell if he is secretly blaming me, or himself, or just too full of pain to talk. That was the one thing we could always do together. I wish for the old days. I wish for the struggling days and the days of Geronimo, and the days of birthing Charlie with no one but Jack to help me. How happy and in love we were then. I want to be in love again, but all I feel is darkness and shadows. Everything is changed and different”    ―    Nancy E. Turner,    These Is My Words: The Diary of Sarah Agnes Prine, 1881-1901
      “Nước mắt chảy từ con mắt là thứ thường thôi, có thứ nước mắt không chảy ra kiểu vậy.”    ―    Nguyễn Ngọc Tư,    Sông
      “The amusements of life, he argued, should be accepted with the same philosophy as its ills. ("The Striding Place")”    ―    Gertrude Atherton,    The Bell In The Fog & Other Stories
      “No child should ever be too sad to play.”    ―    Andrew Galasetti,    These Colors Don't Run
      “I’ll give you a glass of wine, if you give me a few drops of water from your eyes. I’m thirsty for your sadness.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    This Book is Not FOR SALE
      “In every cloud, in every tree – filling the air at night, and caught by glimpses in every object, by day I am surrounded with her image! The most ordinary faces of men, and women – my own features mock me with a resemblance. The entire world is a dreadful collection of memoranda that she did exist, and that I have lost her!”    ―    Emily Brontë,    Wuthering Heights
      “Absence is a house so vast that inside you will pass through its walls and hang pictures on the air.”    ―    Pablo Neruda
      “A blanket that has arms to hold you when you are sad, now that's what I call a comforter.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    This Book is Not FOR SALE  
      “my life is just waiting for you to get started.”    ―    Nina LaCour,    Hold Still
      “I continue to stare, my eyes missing nothing, remembering the moments we just shared together. But in all that time she does not look back, and I am haunted by the visions of her struggling with unseen enemies.  I sit by the bedside with an aching back and start to cry as I pick up the notebook. Allie does not notice. I understand, for her mind is gone.  A couple pages fall to the floor, and I bend over to pick them up. I am tired now, so I sit, alone and apart from my wife. And when the nurses come in they see two people they must comfort. A woman shaking in fear from demons in her mind, and the old man who loves her more deeply than life itself, crying softly in the corner, his face in his hands.”    ―    Nicholas Sparks,    The Notebook
      “I will do anything. Anything, Blaire, just to be near you. I can’t think about anything else. I can’t focus on anything. So never think you’re inconveniencing me. You need me, I’m there.”    ―    Abbi Glines,    Never Too Far
      “Nemoj budit odsanjane snove, nek miruje ono čega ne bi. Odveć rano zamoren životom,samo čemer osjećam u sebi.”    ―    Sergei Yesenin
      “Gentle lady, do not sing    Sad songs about the end of love;Lay aside sadness and sing    How love that passes is enough.Sing about the long deep sleep    Of lovers that are dead, and howIn the grave all love shall sleep:    Love is aweary now.”    ―    James Joyce,    Chamber Music
      “Horror is a feeling that cannot last long; human nature is incapable of supporting it. Sadness, whether it be from bereavement, or disappointment, or misfortune of any kind may linger on through life”    ―    James De Mille,    A Strange Manuscript found in a Copper Cylinder
      “A mist is rolling over the fields. Why is a summer mist romantic and autumn mist just sad?”    ―    Dodie Smith,    I Capture the Castle
      “I am...sad and angry. Why is my spirit so sad and angry? I look back at my life and all I can remember is rage and rage and rage.”    ―    Chris Adrian,    The Children's Hospital
      “Ah! The anguish, the vile rage, the despairOf not being able to expressWith a shout, an extreme and bitter shout,The bleeding of my heart.”    ―    Fernando Pessoa,    A Little Larger Than the Entire Universe: Selected Poems
      “I have been poisoned in your love and now I need antidote Jacqueline.L.J! <3”    ―    Omaid olovejlj Zazai
      “That’s what I’m trying, sir… getting my life.”    ―    Faraaz Kazi
      “But a whole bottle was what made me feel dead inside. And it worked, all the days stress was gone and I was able to live without the gigantic knot in my stomach. Without the boulders weighing down my shoulders.”    ―    Holly Hood,    Prison of Paradise
      “Is there anything sadder than the scrawniest little piece of uneaten chicken at a dinner party?”“Hmm,” said Jules. “Yes. The Holocaust.”    ―    Meg Wolitzer,    The Interestings
      “Back then, he'd have to leave at the end of August for the start of school, so the week before Labor Day became it's own tiny season of gloom, like a hundred Sunday nights crowded together.”    ―    Charles Frazier
      “Ma è commovente, Severus» osservò Silente, serio.«Ti sei affezionato al ragazzo, dopotutto?»«A lui?» Urlò Piton «Expecto Patronum!»Dalla punta della sua bacchetta affiorò la cerva d'argento: atterrò sul pavimento dell'ufficio, fece un balzo e si tuffò fuori dalla finestra. Silente la guardò volar via e quando il suo bagliore argenteo svanì si rivolse a Piton, con gli occhi pieni di lacrime.«Dopo tutto questo tempo?»«Sempre» rispose Piton.”    ―    J.K. Rowling,    Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
      “Nobody's happy. What's happy? Happiness is over when the lights come on”    ―    Armistead Maupin
      “How do you go to your own house when something has gone bad on the inside, when it doesn't seem like your place to live anymore, when you almost cannot recall living there although it was the place you mostly ate and slept for all your grown-up life? Try to remember two or three things about living there. Try to remember cooking one meal.”    ―    William Kittredge
      “In the world of the Machiguenga, sadness could be equated with anger, and anger was a perilous emotion, by which a foreigner could lose his life.”    ―    Tahir Shah,    House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City
      “Karena jika mengendapkannya, itu sama saja dia masih meletakkan gadis itu di dalam hatinya, di dalam memorinya. Dia masih akan mengingat wajah gadis itu, dan hal seperti ini bukan hal yang bagus untuk kehidupannya nanti.”    ―    Jee,    Because It's You
      “She knew Paul D was adding something to her life—something she wanted to count on but was scared to... His waiting eyes and awful human power. The mind of him that knew her own. Her story was bearable because it was his as well—to tell, to refine and tell again. The things neither knew about the other—the things neither had word-shapes for—well, it would come in time.”    ―    Toni Morrison,    Beloved
      “Little Joe was still behind him. Eli could feel it. He wanted to look back, but he couldn’t. The tears were too close. If he were Fancy, he’d turn around and kick and buck and moo and do just about anything to keep his calf near. But Eli wasn’t Fancy; he was a farmer.”    ―    Sandra Neil Wallace
      “Fermina Daza había rechazado a Florentino Ariza en un destello de madurez que pagó de inmediato con una crisis de lástima, pero nunca dudó de que su decisión había sido certera.”    ―    Gabriel Garcí­a Márquez,    Love in the Time of Cholera
      “When I reach the end of one row, I continue straight on away from the barn and the farm and the road. I walk until I come to a pile of hay bales and plop myself down. The sun is bright and the air is sharp. In the distance I hear the lowing of cows. It's so peaceful here."Merry Christmas, " I whisper to myself. "Merry Christmas, Nate.”    ―    Lisa Ann Sandell,    A Map of the Known World
      “Zapped while zipping.”    ―    Tim O'Brien,    The Things They Carried
      “SOMETIMES WHAT WE WANT BUT CANT GET IT, EVEN WE DO NOT TRY TO GET IT. AT LAST WE SATISFIED JUST FAILURE.”    ―    RUPEE
      “Her face expressed suffering so deep that I will never forget it; her eyes radiated a deep sadness...Mrs. Folmer was oppressed by that special sadness, perhaps the most horrible torture, of those who had no idea what happened to their loved ones.”    ―    Diet Eman,    Things We Couldn't Say
      “The last thing we wanted was for the Machiguenga to be sad again. Sadness appeared to bring out their violence.”    ―    Tahir Shah,    House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City
      “Cây nến cháy, lửa xanh, lửa đỏ,Chân nến kia, lệ nhỏ lâm ly.Lệ khô, khi tắt nến đi,Cô em khóc lóc, giọng kia đã khàn.Cây nến cháy, lửa vàng, lửa đỏ,Ngồi cùng em, hát đỡ đôi câu.Tình đau, khúc hát cũng rầuKim đâm vào mắt, lệ đau chảy tràn...”    ―    Gu Hua
      “Stain my eyes as I may, on all sides all is black.”    ―    Helen Hunt Jackson
      “Don't take in no strangers while I'm gone.She sighed deeply. They ain't a soul in this world but what is a stranger to me, she said.”    ―    Cormac McCarthy,    Outer Dark  
      “There should be painless progression, attended by life and peace....Mortals will some day assert their freedom in the name of Almighty God....Dropping their present beliefs, they will recognize harmony and as the spiritual reality and discord as the material unreality. Chapter VII pp. 224 and 228 Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures”    ―    Mary Baker Eddy
      “Бодол санаа тун хачирхалтай байлаа.  Юухныг ч юм тойрон эргэлдэж  манантах нь өөрөө өөртөө төөрөлдөх тийм бүрэнхийг үүсгэж байлаа. Сэтгэл харин тэр манан дунд торж чадалгүй дорогш хүндрэн буух намрын бороо мэт уйтай...”    ―    Venedikt Yerofeyev
      “As if one's capacity for pain had anything to do with life's apportionment of agonies, Mr. Kimmelbrod thought. Such idiocy.”    ―    Ayelet Waldman,    Red Hook Road
      “Tužna projekcija života za pjesnika je primamljivija od samog života.”    ―    Orhan Pamuk,    Istanbul: Memories and the City
      “I can tell you that it's okay to feel whatever it is you're feeling right now. It's okay to miss him and it's okay to hurt and it's okay to feel lost-just as long as you come to me, or your friends, or your family, when all those feelings try to overwhelm you. Because in amongst all those feelings, some of you are going to be angry, and some of you will need someone to blame. It's okay to be angry. I can't tell you if it's right or wrong to feel blame, but what I can say is don't be angry for too long and don't hold on to the blame forever. That kind of anger can take away a piece of you, a piece of you that you might not get back.”    ―    Samantha Young,    Fall from India Place
      “I won't lie to you. This changes things. It may even change you. I know it will change me.""I guess it's a reminder of the uncertainty in life and the foolishness of merely existing when the world is pleading with you to live. If you take anything from this, please take that. We take life for granted. We have to stop that. We have to start living.”    ―    Samantha Young,    Fall from India Place
      “And in the end blood and tears are alike because they stop too.”    ―    Elizabeth Scott,    Living Dead Girl
      “Like blood out of a wound, a keening wail rose from the bottom of my heart and ripped through the graveyard. I lowered my face to Hadassah's shoulder and went quietly and thoroughly to pieces.”    ―    Angela Elwell Hunt,    Magdalene
      “Why it is that life can change so quickly?""How it's possible for a heart to stop beating so suddenly, instantly breaking all the hearts that were ever connected to it? But the truth is there is no sense in what happened to Jarrod. None that I can see. I wish I had a better  answer, but I don't.”    ―    Samantha Young,    Fall from India Place
      “It was more than a string of letters put togetherit was a thick cloak in the coldand a strong defense against an enemyIt was more than the naked heart on paperit was a way to undress sadness … and sinsand an olive branch for the desperateWriting was her prayer          and the words were felt.”    ―    M.J. Abraham,    The Coordinates of a Dream
      “I thought upon the way in which we'd always shared each other's happiness, believing it would make the moment burn brighter and longer, but sadness can be shared too, perhaps sharing makes is burn briefer and less bright.”    ―    Tom Rob Smith
      “Same shit, different day, he thinks, but now the joy is gone and the sadness is back, the sadness that feels like something deserved, the price of some not-quite-forgotten betrayal.”    ―    Stephen King,    Dreamcatcher
      “I’d like to think that the day I realize we will always be miserable will differ from every other. I hope it will so obnoxiously stand out from the monotonous cycle of my days, that I wouldn’t forget that sorrowful moment of comprehension. But, when that breeze of reality comes by, it wont be a memorable hurricane, nor a momentous tornado. It will be the same, sad, soft wind that I felt the day before, and the day before that. Because the moment you understand your inevitable misery in life, may also be the day you see you are to always be dejected.”    ―    Temperance
      “When I watched you dancing that day, I saw something else. I saw a new world coming rapidly. More scientific, efficient, yes. More cures for the old sicknesses. Very good. But a harsh, cruel world. And I saw a little girl, her eyes tightly closed, holding to her breast the old kind world, one that she knew in her heart could not remain, and she was holding it and pleading, never to let her go. That is what I saw. It wasn't really you, what you were doing, I know that. But I saw you and it broke my heart.”    ―    Kazuo Ishiguro
      “She fell down fifty-five floors. It took 10.6 seconds for her to hit the ground. It took my father forty-eight hours to come back home from his business trip in Sweden.”    ―    Chelsea Ballinger,    Sinners & Saints
      “Life always squashes death.  Love always soothes sadness.”    ―    Todd Stocker,    Refined: Turning Pain Into Purpose
      “Love is a beautiful curse that looks like a blessing ! -”    ―    Bazil Patel
      “Her gaze was direct, full of a sadness so raw and crystallized that I could see the shape of it. It ringed her pupils in rusty starbursts, but she was grinning--this terrible, ferocious grin. It made her look like she wanted to tear someone's throat out.”    ―    Brenna Yovanoff,    The Replacement
      “He needed her so badly, to reassure himself of his own existence, that he never comprehended the desperation in her dazzling, permanent smile, the terror in the brightness with which she faced the world, or the reasons why she hid when she couldn't manage to beam... every moment she spent in the world was full of panic, so she smiled and smiled and maybe once a week she locked the door and shook and felt like a husk, like an empty peanut-shell, a monkey without a nut.”    ―    Salman Rushdie,    The Satanic Verses
      “It's alright to die cause death is the only thing you haven't tried”    ―    Ed Sheeran
      “Pain can mask itself as a righteous companion; silently forming a barrier between you & all that is good for you. Identify Pain. Now thank Pain for showing you that all of your senses & emotions are working as you send him on his way. Traveling with pain can slow you down & limit the distance you travel.”    ―    Sanjo Jendayi
      “I have always been sensitive to vibrations and energies.  Sometimes, I meet people and the hairs on the back of my neck stand up and I know that person is just wrong somehow.  That their wiring is different, their moral compass screwed.”    ―    Alex Mitchell,    Botanical Malice
      “What’s to become of us? We can’t go on like this.”“Yes, we can go on like this,” said Cesare. “We can go on exactly like this for the rest of our lives.”    ―    Penelope Fitzgerald
      “She simply stared at me with such a loving expression on her face, I felt like I was her foal. Indah reached her head as far as she could around me, to press me to her. I melted. How could I live without this horse? I wrapped my arms around her neck and let my tears flow.”    ―    Kelly Batten,    One Day You'll Find Me
      “Just before the men closed the tail gate on the float, she strained her head to see me and nodded her head so hard her blonde mane flew around her face—she looked like she was standing in a cloud of icing sugar. She uttered such a quiet neigh, it seemed only I heard it. She stared at me, and closed her eyes. Then she was gone.”    ―    Kelly Batten,    One Day You'll Find Me
      “Sadness indeed paves to a philosophical thinking.”    ―    Rohan B Rebello
      “Saying good-bye when you know it's for the last time is like no other sadness you will ever experience.”    ―    Allison DuBois,    Don't Kiss Them Good-bye
      “A man can smell a woman's sadness”    ―    Jill Alexander Essbaum,    Hausfrau
      “If you only knew how to respect my heart, I wouldn't have found a reason to let you go.”    ―    Jourdane Erasquin
      “It's crazy what a heart blinded by love can lead you to believe.”    ―    Jourdane Erasquin
      “What they have been teaching us is wrong. Yes, we do have control over our choices. Why? Because life gave us the freedom to choose. The only downside to this freedom are the insatiable consequences we shall have to face because of the choices we learned to embrace.”    ―    Jourdane Erasquin
      “When you left you left behind a fieldof silent flowers under a sky full of unstirred clouds...you left a million butterfliesmid-silky flutters You left like midnight rain against my dreaming ears Oh and how you left leaving my coffee scentless and my couch comfortless leaving upon my fingers the melting snow of you you left behind a calendar full of empty days and seasons full of aimless wanders leaving me alone with an armful of sunsets your reflection behind in every puddle your whispersupon every curtain your fragranceinside every petal you left your echoes in between the silence of my eyes Oh and how you leftleaving my sands footless and my shores songless leaving me with windows full of moistened moonlight nights and nightsof only a half-warmed soul and when you left... you left behind a lifetime of moments untouched the light of a million starsunshed and when you left you somehowleft my poem...unfinished. (Published in Taj Mahal Review Vol.11Number 1 June 2012)”    ―    Sanober Khan
      “Don’t underestimate your tears. They have the power to strengthen your commitment to your life’s purpose and to direct you towards your goal. So, when you cry because of the people who mock or taunt you, be positive and make promises with yourself that you will prove them wrong.”    ―    Saad  Salman
      “how anxiously I yearned for those I had forsaken.”    ―    Fyodor Dostoyevsky,    The Dream of a Ridiculous Man  
      “I was overpowered by the mere sensation of that dream and it alone survived in my sorely wounded heart.”    ―    Fyodor Dostoyevsky,    The Dream of a Ridiculous Man
      “Dreaming of getting you I loosed everything Cheerfulness of smile And all the dreams of life”    ―    Hasil Paudyal,    Blended Words
      “Control your “anger” because it is just ONE Letter away from “d”anger.”    ―    Auliq Ice
      “He carries stars in his pocketsbecause he knowsshe fears the dark.Whenever sadness pays her a visithe paints galaxieson the back of her hands.”    ―    Alaska Gold,    Growing Light
      “Give me another Chance Then, You will Get Less than I Gain...”    ―    Hasil Paudyal,    Blended Words
      “There is a difference between depression and sadness. I am happy to be sad.”    ―    Amanda Mosher,    Better to be able to love than to be loveable
      “This heart is a hurricane,     turbulent with ache screaming winds of grief waiting to make the skyfall, to pluck the cloudsfrom their beds with itswhipping winds”    ―    Jack  Southfield
      “That night she dreamed of the deer. Strangely, the animal was holding her. She cuddled close into the soft fur and touched and kissed it gently. In the morning her pillow was wet with tears.”    ―    Julie Andrews Edwards
      “The monsters were neverunder my bed.Because the monsterswere inside my head.I fear no monsters,for no monsters I see.Because all this timethe monster has been me.”    ―    Nikita Gill
      “People do not die from suicide. They die from sadness.”    ―    Anonymous
      “Oft gay and honoured robes those tortures try: We think caged birds sing, when indeed they cry.”    ―    John Webster,    The White Devil
      “How can I pretend that nothing happened?”    ―    Diane Samuels
      “Kat stood immobile and watched with pain, a kiss of passion, a kiss of desire; a kiss that could never be hers.”    ―    Kiki Archer,    But She Is My Student
      “Cheer up and give them out there a good reason to be happy.”    ―    Diane Samuels,    Kindertransport: A Drama
      “I think we cry to release the animal parts of us without losing our humanity. Becauseinside me is a beast that snarls, and growls, and strains toward freedom, toward Tobias, and, aboveall, toward life. And as hard as I try, I cannot kill it.”    ―    Veronica Roth,    Insurgent
      “Never knew the word Goodbye could scatter my heart into pieces. Just 1 word, could made me cry over you.”    ―    Fi.Z
      “What is it about me that gets them all crying? It’s not the end of the world.”    ―    Diane Samuels,    Kindertransport: A Drama
      “Let it rain on some days,Let yourself shiver on some cold nights, So when it's Spring you'll know why it was all worth going through.”    ―    Sanhita Baruah
      “I'm sorry! I really am! I wanted to get out of this place! I want to live! I want to get away from here and never see it again! I hate everything about it!""You will hate the next place, too," I said. "What you are you will carry with you.”    ―    Louis L'Amour,    The Proving Trail
      “And in the end... Not even that old familiar sensation of emptiness. Just a hint of helplessness, a frustration for a lost time from a result prematurely injured and failed.”    ―    Irina Sopas
      “Ποτέ άλλοτε οι στέγες  των σπιτιών των ανθρώπων δεν ήταν τόσο κοντά η μία στην άλλη, όσο είναι σήμερα. Και ποτέ άλλοτε οι καρδιές των ανθρώπων δεν ήταν τόσο μακριά η μία από την άλλη, όσο είναι σήμερα”    ―    Αντώνης Σαμαράκης,    Ζητείται ελπίς
      “When Mother and I learned that Father was dying, Father asked me to sing for him," she said. "Mother insisted that I only sing songs from their youthful days together. She wanted me to take her mind off Father's pain, But when she stepped away, Father asked me to sing songs about pain. About loss. About the world without him. When I played those songs, he would cry. It was the only way he could cry. And now it's the only way I know to cry.""We need you to lead us in crying, Lesyl, or we'll drown in unshed tears." [King Cal-Raven replied]”    ―    Jeffrey Overstreet,    Cyndere's Midnight
      “Is there a silent song in your heart, that is screaming to be heard?”    ―    Maverick Hill
      “I don't usually play games. I got added to one and was played.When I realize the creator I will be the coach, now that I've mastered the game.”    ―    Rohan B Rebello
      “You've left me with a kaleidoscope of broken smiles and shattered dreams.”    ―    Jennifer Harrison,    Write like no one is reading 2  
      “We'll meet again, but you're a lifetime away, and I need you now.”    ―    Karen Quan,    Write like no one is reading 2
      “You're gone and you left me. My heart has dissipated. The only thing I can feel is the blood rushing through my veins and the strings that hold my fragile heart together.”    ―    Karen Quan,    Write like no one is reading 2
      “You said this was only the beginning, I didn't realize that meant starting a new chapter without you as part of my story.”    ―    Tanzy Sayadi,    Write like no one is reading 2
      “The Art of Living is to be yourself. It is to be true to yourself. The Art of Living is learning to live with love, awareness and truth. Meditation is the way to learn The Art of Living. Being is you. To discover your being is the beginning of life.You can live in two ways:1. Ego - effort and desire and 2.Being - no-effort, being in a let go with existence. Religion is The Art of Living.Five keys to The Art of Living: 1. Be life-affirmative. Life is synonymous with God.Live with reverence, great respect and gratitude for life. Feel thankful and prayerful. 2. Make life an heartful, aesthetic experience.Become more sensitive, sensuous and creative - and you will become more spiritual.3.Experience life in all possible ways.Experience all dualities and polarities of life: good/bad, bitter/sweet, summer/winter, happiness/sadness and life/death.Do not be afraid of experience, because the more experiences you have, the more spiritually mature you become. 4. Live in the present.Forget the past and the future - this moment is the only reality.This moment has to become your whole love, life and death.5.Live courageously.Do not become too result-oriented, because result-oriented people miss life. Do not think of goals, because goals are in the future - and life is in the moment, in the here and now.”    ―    Swami Dhyan Giten
      “Where are you?" I wheeze into the floor. "Where did you go?”    ―    Cynthia Hand,    The Last Time We Say Goodbye
      “I finally gave in today. Admitting that I haven't been able to do it alone, that's defeat right? But do a couple pills change why I'm here? Will my spirit be altered? Do my passions change? Will I lose hope either way? My madness is what makes me. It’s my most unique beauty.”    ―    Crystal Woods,    Write like no one is reading 2
      “Turn your past wound of misery and sadness into a wonder of life.”    ―    Debasish Mridha
      “As she looks through the window; while seeing him give her his world, tears rolled down her cheeks as she remembers the world she once had.”    ―    J.B.
      “Was I prone to sadness and melancholy?  How could anyone like that?  It wasn't that I wanted it; it was that I was so used to hard rains, I couldn't help expecting a cloudburst every time something nice happened and sunshine beamed down over me.”    ―    V.C. Andrews,    Pearl in the Mist
      “We seek out other people to fight off the loneliness but it's like we're children playing at pretend. We are alone in everything we do, Livy. Alone but not without company.”    ―    Shari Arnold,    Neverland
      “Grief, no matter how you try to cater to its wail, has a way of fading away.”    ―    V.C. Andrews,    Flowers in the Attic
      “Regret fills your heart, only if you do not give your best to accomplish something.”    ―    Ram Mohan
      “One faerie - and then we were free. Just on more swing of my arm. And maybe one more after that - maybe one more swing, up and inward and into my own heart.”    ―    Sarah J. Maas
      “I give myself up to darkness; and wish I may never again be required to lift my head to the light.”    ―    Sarah Waters,    Fingersmith
      “Se sentía tan bien, tan próximo al acompañamiento perfecto, que no pensó en otro refugio la tarde en que Amaranta Úrsula le desmigajó las ilusiones. Fue dispuesto a desahogarse con palabras, a que alguien le zafara los nudos que le oprimían el pecho, pero sólo consiguió soltarse en un llanto fluido y cálido y reparador, en el regazo de Pilar Ternera. Ella lo dejó terminar, rascándole la cabeza con la yema de los dedos, y sin que él le hubiera revelado que estaba llorando de amor ella reconoció de inmediato el llanto más antiguo de la historia del hombre.”    ―    Gabriel Garcí­a Márquez
      “Though the world was hazy, all I could think about was love. And how I'd never had it. How I would never understand what it felt like to fall asleep knowing another person was thinking of you. I would never have someone touch the small of my back as they steered me through a crowd. I would never know the contour of someone's face off-by-heart, and yet not be bored with it. And, as I sank to the grey, chewing-gum stained carpet, all I could think was how sad that was.”    ―    Holly Bourne
      “They see me smile, but the don't know what I feel inside.”    ―    Joao "Nero" Lopes
      “Sadness, forever unacknowledged, eventually becomes resentment.”    ―    Jennifer duBois,    A Partial History of Lost Causes
      “As she looks through the window; while seeing him give her his world, tears rolled down her cheeks as she remembers the world she once had.”    ―    J.B.
      “The voice that says, “That’s the way I am,” is the voice of knowledge. It’s the voice of the liar living in the Tree of Knowledge in your head. The Toltec consider it a mental disease that is highly contagious because it’s transmitted from human to human through knowledge. The symptoms of the disease are fear, anger, hatred, sadness, jealousy, conflict, and separation between humans. Again, these lies are controlling the dream of our life. I think this is obvious.”    ―    Miguel Ruiz
      “As she looks through the window; while seeing him give her his world,  tears rolled down her cheeks in remembrance of the world she once had.”    ―    J.B
      “I was so incredibly nostalgic for a life I knew I'd never, ever have again.”    ―    Paige Harbison,    New Girl
      “It was really hard to stay positive. And that's normally a talent of mine.”    ―    Paige Harbison,    New Girl
      “Everything that drowned me taught me how to swim.”    ―    Jenim Dibie
      “May be we will meet again somewhere in future... With little less complications, little less worries, little less pain and a little smile on our faces remembering how stupid we were to take such decisions which kept us waiting for a happier day with little less complications, little less worries, little less pain and a little smile on our faces...”    ―    Anamika Mishra
      “Still haunted by the love, light and darkness we shared. encumbered to smile and breathing becomes an art; when you don’t fucking feel anything.”    ―    Maverick Hill
      “I am floating, I thought, completely without anchor, at the mercy of the wind.”    ―    S.J. Watson
      “Everything seems different now. The room I am in looks no more familiar to me than it did this morning when I woke up and stumbled into it, trying to find the kitchen, desperate for a drink of water, desperate to piece together what happened last night. And yet it no longer seems shot through with pain, and sadness. It no longer seems emblematic of a life I cannot consider living. The ticking of the clock at my shoulder is no longer just marking time. It speaks to me. Relax, it says. Relax, and take what comes.”    ―    S.J. Watson
      “Perhaps the greatest neutralizer of sadness rests with two simple words : thank you.”    ―    Charles F. Glassman,    Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life
      “The world is a sad place today. I miss the good ol’ days. Gosh, why can’t I just go back to last weekend?”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    How to put out forest fires with your naked body  
      “Peanut butter and jelly is like the older, more serious brother to egg salad sandwich. I’m an only child, so I eat both with incredible sadness.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    How to put out forest fires with your naked body
      “She was completely alone in the world. There was no one at all for her. No one in the world who cared whether she lived or died. Sometimes the horror of that thought threatened to overwhelm her and plunge her down into a bottomless darkness from which there would be no return. If no one in the entire world cared about you, did you really exist at all?”    ―    Cassandra Clare,    Clockwork Angel
      “The Bible does not say money is the root of all evil; it says the love of money is the root of all kinds of evil. A poor man who, in his heart, worships the idea of being rich is more vulnerable to its evils than a rich man who has a heart to use it all for the Lord.”    ―    Criss Jami
      “Love has no gender.”    ―    Aniekee Tochukwu
      “Don't be scared of scars. They just tell stories that are hard to hear.”    ―    Ashly Lorenzana
      “Pride is born as a mountaintop on a valley, but dies as an abyss in which it is too deep and too dark to see the better.”    ―    Criss Jami
      “There, in the spaces between darkness and light, a sadness hangs in the air, invisible to the human eye yet heavy on the heart.”    ―    Aline Ohanesian,    Orhan's Inheritance
      “Silence is a girls loudest cry”    ―    Nihal Ashraf Aame
      “Thirteen days. Almost two weeks. And, just five days in, she had learned a fundamental truth about time: Like the accordion on which sometimes played old Pashto songs were played, time stretched and contracted depending on his absence or presence.”    ―    Khaled Hosseini,    A Thousand Splendid Suns
      “Jasper felt the sadness then. A strong sensation of being pulled underwater, of being helpless to do anything but sink. Further into the despair. Until it completely surrounded you. Until every breath you took was just swallowing more pain. Until you were in so deep that there wasn't any hope of ever breaking the surface again.”    ―    Jessica Gadziala,    Into The Green
      “My gender ceased to exist inside me whenever I sing my feelings; soul has no gender.”    ―    Aniekee Tochukwu
      “Out of the seven billion people sharing the planet with her, not one of them knew what was going through her head. Not one of them knew she was lost. Not one of them asked.”    ―    Amy Zhang
      “Love can't be limited”    ―    Aniekee Tochukwu
      “listen thoughtfullysounds of laughtergaiety and melancholy galore”    ―    Archana Chaurasia Kapoor
      “Fellas stop being blinded by the big asses and cute faces. Some men are so concern in having a “bad bitch” where they end up broke, and miserable Becuz their busy trying to impress a bad bitch. A bad bitch will cheat on you a REAL WOMAN gone hold it down take care of her own and chase her goals an educated, strong woman, she’s not concerned about how much money you have although you should be on your shit yourself. STOP GOING FOR A WOMAN THAT ONLY JOB SHE HAS IS WAKING UP TO LOOK GOOD AND POST HER ASS ON SOCIAL MEDIA AND THEN GOING BACK TO SLEEP!”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “You don’t need a sad soul to feel the beauty of a dead graveJust stay with the pale moonwhen darkness wants the night to be brave”    ―    Munia Khan
      “Most men are blinded by the words "Bad Bitches" and end settling for less!”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “Voy a tener que irmea un planeta sin aire.Porque eres el aire.Eres el aire.Eres el aire.Y el agua.Y los jazmines.Y mi sombra.Y mi canto.¡Vete!¿No te han dicho, acaso,que los muertos no regresan?Nunca regresan.Nunca regresan.Nunca regresan.”    ―    Poldy Bird
      “I nodded, trying to imagine the very particular sadness of a vanished childhood yogurt now found only in France. It was a very special sort of sadness, individual, and in its inability to induce sympathy, in its tuneless spark, it bypassed poetry and entered science.”    ―    Lorrie Moore
      “She walks in starlight in another world”    ―    J.R.R. Tolkien,    The Hobbit
      “If your anger is the result of your sadness or if your sadness is result of your anger , you are undoubtedly suffering from disorientation.”    ―    Aparna Pathak
      “It was only in the middle—between the immense and the minute—that sadness seemed to exist.”    ―    Alex Latimer,    The Space Race
      “And as all of us know, it does not matter if the ending has been predetermined, or the demise inevitable, or otherwise on time, or even long overdue. For those who love or even simply fondly know a life; for those who have touched one existence with their own, helping to mould it as it does the same to them, goodbye will always and forever come much, much, much too soon.”    ―    Emma Rose Kraus
      “Thirteen days. Almost two weeks. And, just five days in, she had learned a fundamental truth about time: Like the accordion on which old Pashto songs were sometimes played, time stretched and contracted depending on his absence or presence.”    ―    Khaled Hosseini,    A Thousand Splendid Suns
      “She remembered all too well how time had dragged without him, how she had shuffled about feeling waylaid, out of balance. How she could ever cope with his permanent absence?”    ―    Khaled Hosseini,    A Thousand Splendid Suns
      “Part of the forces that sent Sam trudging across the white prairies was love of life, a gladness for health and youth that filled him as Mozart's gayest music filled him; and part of it was his belief that the earth on which he walked had been designed by the greatest of artists, and that is a man had the courage and fortitude not to fail it, it would not fail him. In Sam's rough mountain-man philosophy those persons who became the wards of sadness and melancholy had never summoned for use and trial more than a part of what they had in them, and so had failed themselves and their Creator. If it was a part of the inscrutable plan that he was to live through this ordeal, and again cover the bones of wife and child with mountain lilies, the strength was lying in him, waiting, and he had only to call on it- all of it- and use it, without flinching or whimpering. If he showed himself to be a worthy piece in the Great Architect's edifice he would live; in Sam's philosophy that was about all there was to it.”    ―    Vardis Fisher
      “One by one, the thoughts and memories of sadness raised their hands, stood up to identify themselves. I looked at each thought, at each unit of sorrow, and I acknowledged its existence and felt (without trying to protect myself from it) its horrible pain. And then I would tell that sorrow, "It's OK. I love you. I accept you. Come into my heart now. It's over."...”    ―    Elizabeth Gilbert,    Eat, Pray, Love
      “There should be a measure for happiness or sadness, like the width of your smile, the twinkle in your eyes, the depth of your laughter or the salt of your tears.”    ―    Srividya Srinivasan
      “In this world there is no place for sadness. No place; not one.”    ―    Banana Yoshimoto,    Kitchen
      “I long to belong like a midget longs to be long. Footlong hotdogs are 12 inches too short to take seriously, and I vote with my wallet. Sadly, there are no refunds in politics.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    Xazaqazax  
      “I am in Love with you, it’s me who is in love with you not you,I am in love with you.Not in a way I wanted to but yeah the way I am fond toHey I am in love with you,not treating you like I wanted to but just being the one that thought of toyeah I am in love with you,Loving you was the secrete I wanted to keepand buried deep inside my emotional heap,Doing everything possible what I had toBut baby it hurts as it hurts you too,but yeah still I am in love with you,Pulled myself million times because I got the wrong vibes all the time,But the truth remains the samebaby hear me as I am in love with you,Waiting on you I could see people were laughing on meI knew all the while you weren't near me.But you should know that I am in love with youThere were some days I missed you a lot and scared to tell you how i feel cold and hotfor you as I am in love with you is the only dreamAnd then I am in love with youI remember I have cried to sleepand bagged myself to keep you awayfrom the highest steepthe voice that said from within me I am in love with youJust I LOVE YOU was the  only words I wanna hear from youeven while knowing, you don’t mean toBecause simply I feel the way I wanted toLoving to say I am in love with you.wake up in the morning with only you in my mind till I sleep at deep way in the nightI know its all silly things for your kindbut its perfect to me as clearly - deeply in love with  youWhen you being nice to me that scares me sometimesbut bottom in my heart it feels so nice because during that timeI am in love with you,Doesn't matter whatever I do with you even things i have never done beforeand i enjoyed them all because simply as I am in love with you.In the first waiting on you was the favorite thing in my dayweather it s a call or just a look from you from the farthest bayI asked myself why and the voice within me said that I am in love with you.”    ―    Trushti Raval
      “for we all have our own twilights and mistsand abyssesto return to.”    ―    Sanober Khan
      “I’m feeling morass, when I should be feeling more ass. I can put my sadness behind me with what’s behind you.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    Xazaqazax
      “There is somethingmystically sadand beautifulabouthowi will neversee youagainbut meet youagain and againin poetry.”    ―    Sanober Khan
      “I’m always sad to leave Jax. So many magical moments here. Like the time I saw a rainbow give birth to a pot of gold, guarded by a dwarf in green. ”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    Xazaqazax
      “most of the timesit’s the hardest to saywhat I love moreyouor your memory.”    ―    Sanober Khan,    A touch, a tear, a tempest
      “There are in this world ample reasons to be sad and disheartened, discouraged and fearful.  But there are as many reasons not to be.”    ―    Richelle E. Goodrich
      “Rule #1 always look out for yourself first don't nobody love/care for you like you do.”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “…Do you think there’s somewhere else, some other place to go after this one?” Mandy blurted out.“You mean when you die, where will you end up?” Alecto asked her. “…I wouldn’t know… back to whatever void there is, I suppose.”“I’ve thought about it… every living thing dies alone, it’ll be lonely after death,” Mandy sighed sadly. “That freaks me out, does it scare you?”“I don't want to be alone,” Alecto replied wearily. “We won’t be, though. We’ll be dead, so we’ll just be darkness, not much else, just memories, nostalgia and darkness.”“I don’t want to be any of that either though,” Mandy exclaimed, bursting into tears and crying, keeping her eyes to the floor, her voice shaky as she spoke to him. “When we die, we’ll still be nothing, the world will still be nothing, everything’ll just be nothing!”“You’re real though, at least that’s something,” Alecto pointed out, holding his hand out in front of her. Smiling miserably, Mandy took his hand in her own and sat there beside him quietly.”    ―    Rebecca McNutt,    Smog City
      “Great sadnesses … they are the moments when something new has entered into us, something unknown; our feelings grow mute in shy perplexity, everything in us withdraws, a stillness comes, and the new, which no one knows, stands in the midst of it and is silent.”    ―    Rainer Maria Rilke,    Letters to a Young Poet
      “If love and beauty were easy to find, they would not exist.Chaos and sadness exist in order for you to find the love and beauty in them. So that love and beauty mean something.It's meant to be hard.”    ―    pleasefindthis,    I Wrote This For You: Just the Words
      “WATCH out for your surroundings, UPGRADE your mindset and keep FOCUS.”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “I believe that almost all our sadnesses are moments of tension that we find paralyzing because we no longer hear our surprised feelings living. Because we are alone with the alien thing that has entered into our self; because everything intimate and accustomed is for an instant taken away; because we stand in the middle of a transition where we cannot remain standing. For this reason the sadness too passes: the new thing in us, the added thing, has entered into our heart, has gone into its inmost chamber and is not even there any more, — is already in our blood. And we do not learn what it was. We could easily be made to believe that nothing has happened, and yet we have changed, as a house changes into which a guest has entered.”    ―    Rainer Maria Rilke
      “The world is thinningand the earth...it's still spinningmy world is thinningand it’s all because of one person I’m missing.”    ―    Sanober Khan,    A touch, a tear, a tempest
      “Tonight I can write the saddest lines.To think that I do not have her. To feel that I have lost her.To hear the immense night, still more immense without her,And the verse falls to the snow like dew to the pasture.”    ―    Pablo Neruda,    Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair
      “For everyone who never smiled in school photos, for all who’ve wandered city streetsnot knowing the where they were or feeling alone, I’ve packed kindness.”    ―    Kelli Russell Agodon,    Hourglass Museum
      “We are strengthening by different experiences in life;Sad times, happy moments.Poverty, riches.Failure, success.Troubles, good times.Losing, winning.”    ―    Lailah Gifty Akita,    Beautiful Quotes
      “Sometimes darknessis the beauty I am made of—”    ―    Kelli Russell Agodon,    Hourglass Museum
      “I have nothing against youI just learned not to trust youI know its a trial and errorBut shit, I thought I'm a solver”    ―    Mr. Pessimist
      “Be my friendHold me, wrap me upUnfold meI am small and needyWarm me upAnd breathe me”    ―    Sia
      “Tears of missing you raced down my cheeks; please don't go, your arms are my tears of joy”    ―    Aniekee Tochukwu
      “Oh, Mercédès, I have spoken your name with sighs of melancholy, with groans of pain and with the croak of despair. I have spoken it frozen with cold, huddled on the straw of my dungeon. I have spoken it raging with heat and rolling around on the stone floor of my prison. Mercédès, I must have my revenge, because for fourteen years I suffered, fourteen years I wept and cursed. Now, I say to you, Mercédès, I must have my revenge!”    ―    Alexandre Dumas
      “Let it be a small gain or big gain never do lesser than one's ability, let it be a pain or a pleasure never accept more than one's share.”    ―    Amit Kalantri
      “When you get older, you think of sadness in a different way. You don't judge it so harshly.”    ―    Lori Lansens,    The Mountain Story
      “We may never be able to forget what has happened.  We may harbor the sadness from it in our hearts forever.  The former of these is unavoidable.”    ―    Brian Pickens
      “Nothing lasts forever. Sadness has an end no matter how long it may last. The more you prepare for the end of your sadness, the more happy you will be”    ―    Ahmed Alibage
      “Sometimes, all it takes to lift the sadness from another is to let them know how much you appreciate them and how grateful you are having them in your life.”    ―    Charles F. Glassman,    Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life
      “He had a sadness in his eyes that Carrie recognised as regret.”    ―    Kassandra Cross,    The Babysitter's First Time: Taboo Older Man Younger Woman First Time Erotic Romance
      “Onko kaikki kipu pohjimmiltaan kuitenkin samaa kipua, yhtä merta? Eikä mikään tunne lopultakaan ole ihmiselle vieras vaikkei olekaan kokenut sitä.”    ―    Anna-Leena Härkönen,    Sotilaan tarina
      “Anyone who has actually been that sad can tell you that there's nothing beautiful or literary or mysterious about depression.”    ―    Jasmine Warga,    My Heart and Other Black Holes  
      “He knows what he'll find if he digs deeper. there's no rush to unpack my insides. he understands there is nothing special about emptiness, nothing interesting about depression.”    ―    Jasmine Warga,    My Heart and Other Black Holes
      “Never Expect Loyalty From A Person That Can't Give You Honesty.”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “I can't wait until they don't have me here anymore.”    ―    Jasmine Warga,    My Heart and Other Black Holes
      “I see how he feels about his world and I want to be one of the parts he prizes. I want to be worth fighting for. Worth the same kind of effort he puts into the things that matter to him. Like Dani.”"I don’t tell her no human matters to the boss like Dani.”    ―    Karen Marie Moning,    Burned
      “holding the eveningtremblingly close to mei weepinto the sun lettingthe burdenof hopelift off my chesti realizethis is what it meansto be free.”    ―    Sanober Khan
      “The truth is that I know nothing, so don't ask me if I am breathing still. though day is nice, night kills. I have this a very small chip in my brain programmed in to force me to pass the days in hope to find something in the next second/minute/hour/day/month/year. I can't maintain myself no more. I've been learning yet I am too tired, and there are lots of options to choose, too bad I am not picky, wanna be but I am incapable. Yesterday I was only a 5 year old girl, a very happy human being with imaginations and dreams. Now I know nothing of me, tomorrow I may be gone. I want a clear definition of my existence not that you tell me I am supposed to be someone great- having everything and being happy/making others happy. I need no advice to what I should've done with my life, I was there to be someone else for years, deceiving myself and others of what I truly feel. I wanna be those who just follow things they've been told, things might be easier for me. now I am feeling that I am wasting my time. The time others might wish for. If that's possible one can swap his peaceful mind to the time I have left.”    ―    Aster
      “It takes a real man to see the difference between a diamond and a rhinestone.Can't be mad when someone else takes the diamond, that you treated like a rhinestone”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “Happiness & Sadness are two contemporary stages in life. A wise man overcomes sadness with his wisdom, and a foolish man faces it with tears.”    ―    Deepak Chandra
      “It kind of felt like she was kicking me in the gut, and every kick said I don't want you.I don't need you.I don't love you.”    ―    Francesca Zappia,    Made You Up
      “I would write my tears, weeping out my pain - I would empty my veins for ink.”    ―    Muse,    Enigmatic Evolution
      “Here today, may be gone tomorrow! Never take anyone or nothing for granted! Be sure to count your blessing daily because tomorrow isn't promised.”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “Webs of deceit were not only tangled, they were also very lonely.”    ―    Laura Lee Guhrke
      “Why’d you want to kill yourself? Didn’t you feel anything, or didn’t it hurt you?” Mandy questioned, looking puzzled. “Yes, I suppose it did, … it was strange, it was sharp, that’s all I can think of to describe it… and cold, but not cold like ice, more like… I don’t know, like something much worse, something horrible… and it seemed like the ground was falling upwards, becoming the sky… for a moment it made me consider that it was just a dream, that I was on some sort of drug, and then I remember being overjoyed to see the sky was still above me, then just really sad, really tired… and then I don’t remember much else about it,” Alecto told her, glaring straight ahead at the sky with narrowed eyes. “I don’t mind, I’m not supposed to mind, anyway. Mearth already told me that eventually I would want to be dead, that it was inevitable… still, I sometimes wish that I could have done something good for other people in my life, it might have made up for all the bad stuff I’ve done.”    ―    Rebecca McNutt,    Smog City
      “They don’t know I only speak in runaway train stationsand everybody is always a few minutes too late to the platform.No one has ever gotten the chance to get too closebecause it is never romantic to fuck the girl who makes love to her own sadness every single night.”    ―    Katelin Wagner
      “You can NEVER be like someone else! Just be yourself and you will find that you'll be much happier that way and accomplish more as well.”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “Music had always had the ability to help ease my suffering. I sang a great deal at home. I sang to myself and to Lord Imery. Sometimes, I played the harp to accompany myself. Learning such a graceful instrument had filled my heart with pride. I loved the feeling of adding something beautiful to a room.I looked down at my shaking hands. There were no melodies left in those withered fingers.”    ―    Julie B.  Campbell,    Love at First Plight
      “Algo del escéptico que carga bajo la piel le dice que prolongar algo no es sinónimo de salvarlo”    ―    Eduardo Sacheri
      “The world was not to be trusted. Loved persons were always stolen. Dreams always squashed. That was life as she understood it.”    ―    David Anthony Durham,    Acacia: The War with the Mein
      “Sad is one of those words that has given up its life for our country, it's been a martyr for the American dream, it's been neutralized, co-opted by our culture to suggest a tinge of discomfort that lasts the time it takes for this and then for that to happen, the time it takes to change a channel. But sadness is real because once it meant something real. It meant dignified, grave; it meant trustworthy; it meant exceptionally bad, deplorable, shameful; it meant massive, weighty, forming a compact body; it meant falling heavily; and it meant of a color: dark. It meant dark in color, to darken. It meant me. I felt sad.”    ―    Claudia Rankine,    Don’t Let Me Be Lonely: An American Lyric
      “RebukeObstinate regressionbringing untold pathsof deep dark forebodingdepression...”    ―    Muse,    Enigmatic Evolution
      “Although we may encounter dark seasons, when we're filled with joy we'll have confident expectations that the sun will soon return and dark clouds will pass.”    ―    Dana Arcuri,    Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity: A 50-Day Devotional
      “Dezgustată de pozitivismul vieţii,sufletul său închis şi umilit începea să iubească poezia.Lua drept poetic tot ceea ce o ajuta să evadeze din viaţă.”    ―    André Gide,    Les caves du Vatican
      “When your heart is broken, it’s easier to follow rules”    ―    Betsy Cornwell,    Mechanica
      “If you see me standing on my head, I'm trying to cheer you up with my frown. I need my honesty, you my pleasantry.”    ―    Brian Spellman,    If the mind fits, shrink it.
      “Geçmişte aldığını, geleceğinde ödersin. En son gülen ben üzülende sen olursun.”    ―    Aligül Yıldız
      “When we'd moved in, she'd welcomed us. When Marius moved out, I sat on her floor and cried. I suppose I could have called any number of our friends, but that was the problem. They were our friends. Even now, when I see them, which isn't as often as I should, I feel less. Less than I used to be. When I was with him.”    ―    Alexis  Hall,    Waiting for the Flood
      “Feelings come and feelings go. There is no need to fear them and no need to crave them. Be open to your feelings and experience them while they are here. Then be open to the feelings that will come next. Your feelings are a part of your experience. Yet no mere feeling, however intense it may seem, is your permanent reality.”    ―    Ralph Marston
      “Am dat cu trandafiri în oameni,Dar unii fiind de soare goi,Oprindu-și florile luminiiMi-au întors spinii înapoi.”    ―    Virgil Carianopol
      “See, it's not that I'm jealous of others. I just don't understand why they can be happy and I can't.”    ―    Paulo Coelho,    Adultery
      “The pain will always be in you — but you will not always be in pain.”    ―    Abby Norman
      “But there was something terrifying taking over her thoughts, and it wouldn't leave. Out of seven billion sharing the planet with her, not one of them knew what was going through her head. Not one of them knew that she was lost. Not one of them asked.”    ―    Amy Zhang,    Falling into Place  
      “Stop entertaining two faced people. You know the ones who have split personalities and untrustworthy habits. Nine times out of ten if they telling you stuff about another person, they're going to tell your business to other people. If they say, "You know I heard........." More than likely it's in their character to share false information. Beware of your box, circle, square! Whatever you want to call it.”    ―    Amaka Imani Nkosazana,    Sweet Destiny
      “There would be no cloud-nine days without rock-bottom moments left below.”    ―    Richelle E. Goodrich
      “His absence is so big it's like he's there.”    ―    Patrick Ness,    The Knife of Never Letting Go
      “Don't be so impatient in finding love; take your time & allow the Lord to write that special love story for you. Otherwise you'll be busy reading the back of the book.”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “And one day they tell you that love doesn't exist between you two. And you start blaming yourself even after knowing that you've been cheated on.”    ―    Abhinav Sakalle
      “So then I bid him farewell and walked down the side of the pool leading to the outside entrance where I waited for soph to come down so we could walk home together”    ―    Adrian Hadzic
      “Be content to love, to dazzle in the light,If only for moments…And then be gone,With gladness in your heart,Before the creeping shadowsClaim too much your sadness at leaving.”    ―    Scott Hastie
      “The darkness is my kingdom”    ―    ابراهيم خليل فقرا
      “The air around her was cool lately, as if she were creating a vacuum with her unhappiness.”    ―    Sarah Addison Allen,    First Frost
      “Tristețea mea aude nenăscuții câiniPe nenăscuții oameni cum îi latră”    ―    Nichita Stănescu
      “Given a choice, I would never want a life totally devoid of pain, but life is meaningless without some sadness.”    ―    Auliq Ice
      “Many of us live that life where we are only happy when there's a good day passing by, instead of being sad when there's one bad day passing leaving us confused.”    ―    Auliq Ice
      “Time don't have heart emotions and feelings”    ―    Sher E Yazdan
      “Truly the sadness will last forever, what a shame.”    ―    Fort Free
      “The sea, the sea…Man alone,Passive, unawareIn his elemental sadness.”    ―    Scott Hastie
      “Getting wet in the rain will not make you happy always.”    ―    Pradeep Panayal
      “Some people are really sentimental mostly those people struggle pain in relationship."And that time infatuation turn to fear..and over thinking like;Its so sad.Is it getting failed?Should i better off alone?I'm so confused.I learn that;"Deep emotional depends on how much you loved the person and value relation.”    ―    Redzel Romulo
      “Only tears can hear the sound of pain when warm blood reddens discolored stain”    ―    Munia Khan
      “You must really love this guy, huh? I mean, to be crying as ugly as you are?”    ―    Amber Silvia,    Unspoken
      “Quit hating and trying to be like the next man. Get on your own grind & be better than the next man, whether you gotta hustle, work a job or whatever just do you.”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “Quit hating and trying be like the next man. Get on your own grind & be better than the next man, whether you gotta hustle, work a job or whatever just do you.”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “When I stopped trying to block my sadness and let it move me instead, it led me to a bridge with people on the other side.” … I learned that sadness does not sink a person; it is the energy a person spends trying to avoid sadness that does that.”    ―    Barbara Brown Taylor
      “Do not trap yourself into an owl's hooting soundwhere sad nights linger through the blackness of a hound”    ―    Munia Khan
      “the sadness will ebbthe trouble is the time it might take”    ―    David Levithan,    The Realm of Possibility
      “I am sad, like the hot dust on the streetsAnd the music of fresh fallen leavesCaught in a sliding summer breeze.”    ―    Scott Hastie
      “Vid ett tillfälle var det ett ungt vårdbiträde som utan att tänka sig för sträckte ut sin hand när hon inte hade skyddshandskarna på och tråkade hans tårar.”    ―    Jonas Gardell
      “1I smiled bitterly, a defeated man pitifully begging a God in whom he had never trusted.”    ―    Carlos Ruiz Zafón
      “In the deepest darkness God tenderly grasps my hand and whispers that darkness is nothing more than a place that He is preparing for the arrival of light.”    ―    Craig D. Lounsbrough
      “Despite what you’ve read, your sadness is not beautiful. No one will see you in the bookstore, curled up with your Bukowski, and want to save you. Stop waiting for a salvation that will not come from the grey-eyed boy looking for an annotated copy of Shakespeare,for an end to your sadness in Keats.He coughed up his lungs at 25, and flowery words cannot conceal a life barely lived. Your life is fragile, just beginning, teetering on the violent edge of the world. Your sadness will bury you alive, and you are the only one who can shovel your way out with hardened hands and ragged fingernails, bleeding your despair into the unforgiving earth.Darling, you see, no heroes are coming for you. Grab your sword, and don your own armor.”    ―    Emily Palermo
      “To me, you were more than just a person. You were a place where I finally felt at home.”    ―    Denice Envall
      “I miss you in waves and tonight I’m drowning. You left me fending for my life and it feels like you’re the only one who can bring me back to the shore alive.”    ―    Denice Envall
      “I didn’t want to fall in love. Looking at you gave me chills and kissing you made my knees weak. You made flowers grow and fill the space in my lungs which made it impossible for me to breathe. I’m trying to drench the memories and the blood that once pumped through my veins has been replaced with alcohol. My teeth has shattered from all the whiskey bottles and every morning I awake to throw up the poison I swallowed the night before as a hopeless attempt to forget the taste of your lips. I keep hearing the sound of your voice calling out my name as if it’s something I’m not allowed to forget.”    ―    Denice Envall
      “There’s 6.5 billion people curled up like fists protesting death, but every breath we take has to be given back; a nine year old boy taught me that.”    ―    Shane Koyczan
      “You don't know what it's like, when your best friend disappears.”    ―    Scott Westerfeld,    Afterworlds  
      “So that's it. That's the big secret. I tried to kill myself on New Year's eve. Just like Sadie did last night. Only she really did it. I don't know all the detatils, just the basics. She took a bunch of pills. I don't know what they were or where she got them. I'd like to think they were Wonder Drug. Then at least she could have gone thinking she was flying.”    ―    Michael Thomas Ford,    Suicide Notes
      “Magic doesn’t work when you’re sad.”    ―    Alan Bradley,    As Chimney Sweepers Come to Dust
      “Sometimes, all you can dois lie in bed,and hope to fall asleep beforeyou fall apart.”    ―    William C. Hannan
      “Looking for a thousand years is worth it, if in the end you find what you need.”    ―    Scott Westerfeld,    Afterworlds
      “Because it's so hard to be kind to the world when all you've ever felt is hate.”    ―    Tahereh Mafi,    Unravel Me
      “More lies, but maybe lies were better than the truth.”    ―    Scott Westerfeld,    Afterworlds
      “Sticks and stones may break my bones, but your words will always kill me.”    ―    Denice Envall
      “لو صحَّ أن نحكم على القلوب بقلب الأم لبدت القلوب أحجاراً..  إنَّه رجل و ليس حزن الرجال كحزن النساء. . لو استسلم الرجال للأحزان لناءت بهم كواهلهم المثقلة بالأعباء.. عليك إذا أنست منه حزناً أن تسري عنه.”    ―    قصر الشوق .. نجيب محفوظ
      “Some people will only "love u " as much as they can use u. their loyalty end's where the benefits stop”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “But I feel more real when I'm around her. Like I'm not fading.”    ―    Scott Westerfeld,    Afterworlds
      “I have learned that when sadness comes to visit me, all I can do is say “I see you.” I spend some time with it, get up, and say goodbye.I don’t push it away, I own it. And because I own it, I let it go.”    ―    Carolina Zacaria
      “Grief denied will surface in borrowed clothes, the mad, sad clothes of paranoia, fear or loneliness”    ―    Johnny Rich,    The Human Script
      “There is so much more to the notes being strum from his guitar, behind everything is raw emotion, and it’s proof that he is human. That his heart beats just like mine and that sadness can infiltrate those that appear to have souls made out of stone.”    ―    Melissa Grijalva,    The Love Story That Shouldn't Have Been
      “I missed my mother's father. Is that even possible? Maybe I had fallen asleep for a while. Maybe I was like her, just waking up and looking for him to be there. I wondered how it would have changed things for all of us if he had stayed home the day he was supposed to die in his car. How his decision to go out for something small, something like coffee or orange juice which everyone could have done without, had changed things for all of us.”    ―    Ann Patchett
      “Cuando estás fatal es cuando intentan pillarte.”    ―    Alice Munro
      “As árvores nas margens, cobertas de neve, as raparigas de boina de lã e de mãos medidas no regalo, a música que de tão fogosa aquecia o ambiente,  tudo isso pertence aos momentos bué construíram a mesma minha vida, pois que mais é uma vida do que o reportório de momentos?  É injusta a Natureza, que priva parte das crianças de um mundo de Inverno branco, de rios gelados em que se dança,  para o substituir por chuvas monótonas, por humidade que, agressiva e  hostil,  nos penetra no corpo. (...) Apetecia-me chorar, não por causa da dor que passou depressa, mas por me sentir o invadida por uma tristeza singular. Era como se alguma coisa de muito belo tivesse desaparecido da minha existência ou como se alguém querido se tivesse despedido para sempre.”    ―    Ilse Losa,    O Mundo Em Que Vivi
      “Harsh, bitter laughs exploded from her like shrapnel, and she didn’t care who was cut in the process.”    ―    Katherine McIntyre,    Poisoned Apple
      “Love doesn't always show us the sad and the sorrowful part of it, it only shows us the happy circle a gain and a gain.”    ―    Auliq Ice
      “my uncle died.and i don't feel sad because he died.but i felt so sad when i realize that i will never see him alive again in my whole life.”    ―    Sher E Yazdan
      “He was always saying he deserved better. Better than this, anyway. I would nod and agree with him, but I never told him what I wanted to tell him, which was, hey, Deepak, when you say that you deserve better, even if I agree with you, you are kind of also implying that I don’t deserve better, which, maybe I don’t, maybe this is about where I belong in the grand scheme of things, in terms of high-end low-end for me as a person, but I wish you wouldn’t say it because whenever you do, it makes me feel a sharp bit of sadness and then, for the rest of the day, a kind of low-grade crumminess.”    ―    Charles Yu
      “الدموع ، قصائد تقرأ بصمت”    ―    ابراهيم خليل فقرا
      “When someone close to you dies, you feel like you might die too. It takes some of the life out of you for a time.”    ―    Lisa Bedrick,    Poems about Nature, Grief and Childhood
      “As a sea is full of drops of liquid, I was but one in the ocean of WarMany are swept ruthlessly into the battering, bashing waves, and only few survive to swim to shore”    ―    Jade Kosche
      “Ever two seconds, somewhere in the world, a child dies of starvation. That means every two seconds there is a story where the main character dies. That's a lot of horrible stories. So if my death looks like a sad story to someone else, I hope those people will use their imagination to think of all the children who don't get special deaths.”    ―    Mohiro Kitoh,    Bokurano: Ours, Vol. 9
      “I just wanted to tell you, how beautiful you were; that day, that night, that life.”    ―    Anthony Liccione
      “Practically all the sadness we experience in life comes from our feeling sorry for ourselves.”    ―    Marty Rubin
      “Be happy about your pain because it makes you who you are. After the pain is over the outcome is becoming a stronger person than before”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “Empty yourself of past resentment, anger, and sadness to fill it with love and pure happiness.”    ―    Debasish Mridha
      “Everyone tells you it's all right to cry, but not enough people say it's all right if you don't want people to know.”    ―    Lemony Snicket,    Shouldn't You Be in School?  
      “Some might say that suicide is for cowards. I dare them to hold a razor to their wrists and say it as they slice into their own flesh.”    ―    Aubrey Dark,    His
      “What God knows about me is more important than what others think about me.”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “Everyone’s pain is different,” Reece went on. “I don’t like when people compare. I don’t like when people marginalize their feelings because they think they’re not allowed to have them. Someone will always have a tougher go than you. Does that mean you’re not allowed to feel hurt? To be sad?”    ―    S. Walden,    LoveLines
      “A loyal heart is true to love even if it is full of scars”    ―    johncen k.m.f vergara
      “La Tahzan Innalaha Ma'ana" It means dont be sad. Allah always there.”    ―    Anonymous,    The Quran
      “They safely cured the world of sadness, wiser the Pfizer for it?”    ―    Brian Spellman
      “It's so strange how one day you can be on this earth, and the next day not.”    ―    R J Palacio
      “You hold an absence at your center, as if it were a life.”    ―    Richard Brostoff
      “Suicide is the way OUT of life, but, leaving everyone behind is the way INTO sadness.”    ―    TheKatAttack
      “The New Your energy goes beyond anything you'll find anywhere else.  It's too much for some people and it grinds them down, but it lifts up and animates the rest of us.”    ―    Lawrence Block,    Gotham Central, Book One: In the Line of Duty
      “There are no sad days, only sad thoughts.”    ―    Marty Rubin
      “Las caras bonitas vienen con todo el sufrimiento que no quieres.”    ―    Ana Iherina
      “To all the person whom I made laugh,I wonder who will be the one to put a smile on my face-a clown's message”    ―    Johncen-k.m.f Vergara
      “Give me my heart; I am killing my existence without it.”    ―    Evelyn Leilou Colon
      “They can't see your painThey can't see your sadness They will smile if you smile to themThey will leave you if you frown to them”    ―    Hadi NourAllah
      “We can assist other souls’ hearts and make their world brighter when they are traveling through a difficult experience not by lowering ourselves to their level of sadness but by lifting them up with the light of our joy.”    ―    Molly Friedenfeld
      “Вече не бях сигурен дали харещите езици на огъня не бяха по-милостиви от човешките.”    ―    Людмила Филипова
      “Нима външността е мерило за ума и душата?! - Баян”    ―    Людмила Филипова
      “She closed her eyes and let the rain fall on her face, and after another second, I could not have said what were raindrops, and what tears.”    ―    Sarah Waters
      “Real Men can commit to 1 person. Only boys are "Players", pimps usually get lock up or die at the end of movies, & dogs catch fleas!”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “Only that once again they broke the Love Laws. That lay down who should be loved. And how. And how much.”    ―    Arundhati Roy,    The God of Small Things
      “We kept our secrets because we don't want to reveal what we were before”    ―    Syrone Dalawis
      “Almost all sadness comes from feeling sorry for oneself.”    ―    Marty Rubin
      “Dear my brothers there is no more room for wanting to be a thug, BUT there is PLENTY of room for being a father, lawyer, doctor and a teacher. Please take this in consideration!”    ―    Surgeo Bell
      “I could not escape a feeling that this was my own funeral, and you do not cry in that case.”    ―    John Knowles
      “Even when it seems that there is no one else, always remember there's one person who never ceased to love you - yourself.”    ―    Sanhita Baruah
      “I loved you at your worst, and you were always at your worst. Nothing could stop me. Not even you.”    ―    Denice Envall
      “I dream of you every day. I make up scenarios where everything is forgiven, where everything is fixed. Deep down I know our situation is unfixable, and even worse - you don't want it. But I do. I want it so bad I look past your wrongdoings. I forgive you even though you never apologized. I'm just a fool. A fool made for your amusement. Forever yours.”    ―    Denice Envall
      “When you see the sadness in life, be compassionate. When you see the darkness, become the light and be passionate.”    ―    Debasish Mridha
      “That was the crux. You. Only you could work on you. Nobody could force you, and if you weren't ready, then you weren't ready, and no amount of open-armed encouragement was going to change that.”    ―    Norah Vincent
      “In the wilderness of lifeHappiness is looking for youIn the jungles of dreams and desires,In the beauty of shrubs and flowers,In the span of sadness and kindness. In the deepness of hearts and minds.”    ―    Debasish Mridha
      “When perception will change then today's sadness could be tomorrow’s happiness.”    ―    Debasish Mridha
      “Sadness is pervasive, so focus on joy, focus on happiness.”    ―    Debasish Mridha
      “Despite all the sadness, violence and misery, I still believe in universal peace, goodness, and beauty of humanity.”    ―    Debasish Mridha
      “If you are never the cause of someone's sadness, you will never have difficulties finding happiness.”    ―    Debasish Mridha
      “Where love is the light, love is the way. Happiness is there; sadness flies away.”    ―    Debasish Mridha
      “Not the sadness, but the happiness, is the ultimate purpose of life.”    ―    Debasish Mridha
      “A little madness shows the way to happiness.A little kindness can heal the sadness.”    ―    Debasish Mridha
      “If I was lonely, if I was afraid of being alone, then why abandon myself? Why run to someone else looking to give myself the thing that only I could give? I wanted to escape myself because I felt empty, and the emptiness frightened me. But obviously, I was empty because I was always running out, running away. The only way to fill the emptiness was to remain, to take up residence in myself.”    ―    Norah Vincent
      “Schizophrenia is just a catch-all term for forms of mental behaviour that we don’t understand. In the nineteenth century there was a term, melancholia, which we would now call bipolar depression… but all forms of sadness, unhappiness, maladaptation, were poured into this label melancholia… Now, schizophrenia is a similar thing… A book about schizophrenia [says that] the typical schizophrenic lives in a world of twilight imagining. Marginal to his society, incapable of holding a regular job, these people live on the fringes content to drift in their own self-created value system. I said, that’s it! That’s it! Now I understand!”    ―    Terence McKenna
      “Despair was strength. Despair was the scab and the scar. The walled city in a time of plague. A closed fortification. A sure thing, because it was always safer, less painful to stop trying than it was to repeatedly try and fail. Failure-disappointment-was a poison in my blood. Despair was the antidote.”    ―    Norah Vincent
      “By just living one’s life, sadness accumulates here and there, be it in the blankets hung out in the sun to dry, the toothbrushes in the bathroom, and the phone history logs.”    ―    Makoto Shinkai
      “I was always asking myself why. Why am I feeling this? Thinking that if I knew the cause I could find the cure. But of course there was no reasonable why, at least not in the present. I was awash in an accumulation of past feelings and future dreads, all similar, at least as far as my brain was concerned, and so, lumped together as one. But nobody can handle a lifetime of experience in one moment. That's why depression crushes you.”    ―    Norah Vincent
      “Love is a lot like bowling, I thought as I drove by a boarded up and abandoned bowling alley. Like the economy, I’ve made a full recovery since we broke up.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    This Book is Not FOR SALE  
      “She was a prism through which sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum.”    ―    Jonathan Safran Foer
      “I am the shade. Through the dolent city, i flee. Through the eternal woe, i take flight..”    ―    Dan Brown,    Inferno
      “Emptiness ate away at his inside, quickly replaced by a sadness that hurt his heart.”    ―    James Dashner The Maze Runner
      “Time doesn't always heal all wounds.”    ―    A.J. Darkholme,    Rise of the Morningstar
      “Shhh,” Mr. Winston whispered into her hair. “It’s going to be okay. It’s going to be okay.” He said it over and over again, just as the boy had done when she was at her most helpless. He rocked her with each stanza of the hypnotic prayer, and she melted into his arms, letting him be her strength as she cried into his chest.“I couldn’t keep her,” she finally mustered, wiping her nose against his scratchy flannel. “Shhh…” he repeated. He kissed the top of her head and then stood. With surprising strength, the elderly man lifted her as if she weighed nothing, bringing her to the car. He opened the car door with one hand, sat her in the front seat, and then buckled her in like she was a child. Exhausted, Maddie didn’t fight him or try to do it on her own. She needed someone else to be in charge for a while. She needed to be taken care of.”    ―    Crissi Langwell,    The Road to Hope
      “You wanna eat? I can hand you a spoon.”    ―    Mr. Probz
      “You're sad but you hold everything back...”    ―    Donna Lynn Hope
      “The real world—where I probably could never be happy, and never get anywhere.”    ―    Haruki Murakami,    Dance Dance Dance
      “If one could always predict the future, this person would soon be the saddest being on earth, for it cannot be surprised nor could it stop thinking of making a difference.”    ―    LordBloodySoul
      “Even when the sun was shining she couldn’t see it. The whole house was closing in on her and she was suffocating.”    ―    Crissi Langwell,    The Road to Hope
      “I gave her love she gave me words to write”    ―    RazaZaidi
      “Life has sadness, joy, beauty, like poetry.So be passionate and write a great story.”    ―    Debasish Mridha
      “When you see the sadness, failure, and darknessFind the opportunity to turn on the light of success.”    ―    Debasish Mridha
      “Think I'll miss you forever,Like the stars miss the sun in the morning sky.”    ―    Lana Del Rey
      “Being open is happiness and being closed is sadness. So free your mind from the prison of binding ideas and thoughts.”    ―    Debasish Mridha
      “I could feel the tears brimming and sloshing in me like water in a glass that is unsteady and too full.”    ―    Sylvia Plath
      “I realized that I'm lonely without her and she's incomplete without me. There will be no end to our love story..”    ―    Taimoor Madni
      “PainWaves are the sea's white daughters,And raindrops the children of rain,But why for my shimmering bodyHave I a mother like Pain?Night is the mother of stars,And wind the mother of foam—The world is brimming with beauty,But I must stay at home.”    ―    Sara Teasdale,    Flame and Shadow  
      “Even among familiar faces, people often feel invisible and desolate, like an island in cold waters or a shadow apart from the crowd.  Be the reason another never feels alone.”    ―    Richelle E. Goodrich
      “TonightA parapet of breezetonight on which to leanmy melancholy”    ―    Giuseppe Ungaretti,    A Major Selection of the Poetry of Giuseppe Ungaretti: A Bilingual Edition
      “Love isn't about to show off or to go on dates. Its about being with a person who makes you feel special, who gives you a feeling that no one else does. The one who can completely understand you and can laugh on your lame jokes. The one to whom you trust the most and can share your problems. The one who can make wrong things right. Person with whom you can spend your whole life.”    ―    Taimoor Madni
      “Sometimes I can feel my darkness, like a fragment of nerves inside of me somewhere, sparking my hate. I picture it moving throughout my body, the other cells letting it pass by, yielding to its master. It moves to my tongue when it wants me to spew beautiful, damaging words, it moves to my hands when it wants me to feel all it can take away, and it moves to my eyes to blind me from truly seeing the destruction I’ve done.”    ―    Piper Payne,    Breathing Black
      “The voice had an extraordinary sadness. Pure from all body, pure from all passion, going out into the world, solitary, unanswered, breaking against rocks—so it sounded.”    ―    Virginia Woolf,    Jacob's Room
      “Both sadness and anger are the two sides of same coin. Sadness is supressed anger, while anger is expressed sadness. Both sadness and anger are state of unhappiness, which are often because lack of self-love.”    ―    Vishwas Chavan
      “Sometimes I think my scars are beautiful, but then I remember not everyone shares the same love of art.”    ―    Piper Payne,    Breathing Black
      “Cos every breath is unbearably painful”    ―    Nomzamo Nhlumayo
      “I'm sorry for ignoring you but that's all I can do. Iloveyou”    ―    Taimoor Madni
      “I would like to turn in my skin and change it for a new epidermis. It feels as if I will never be able to rinse the sadness from my soul. All the while I am cognizant of the fact that I am trying to purge myself of my feelings. I start with my shell. I am in the water at least an hour. I immerse my head. My long, thick mane is so heavy, but I feel the lightness of my hair as it floats. I can hear my heart beating in my ears. I wonder what would happen if I died in this water. I drain the bathtub and refill it. I scrub my skin until it stings. I still don't feel clean. I close my eyes.I switch to lying on my back. I gaze at the heavens through the skylight on the ceiling above the tub. I am thinking about Isabella. I am struck by the feeling of uncleanness that I have been immersed in that day. I would imagine that this child feels unclean always, in body and in mind. I am hoping that the sheets in her foster home are snow white and fragrant. I am hoping that she felt safe. I am worried that she is so deeply alone and frightened. I know somewhere deep inside of me that the decisions and choices I made today were sound. I am praying, with eyes glued to the stars, that I will not awaken in the night with my heart beating out of my chest; that I will not be haunted by Francis's diseased body; that I will not perseverate on ever nuance of my day - the smells, the cockroaches, the piercing torment of Isabella's unseeing eye, her father's sore-ridden penis penetrating her tiny body. Yet in many ways this is an experience I hope never to forget. The pearls. I must not forget the pearls that I have promised her.”    ―    Holly A. Smith,    Fire of the Five Hearts: A Memoir of Treating Incest
      “Niebo jest wtedy, jeśli możemy z daleka patrzeć, jak męczą się inni, a nas to nic a nic nie obchodzi.”    ―    Marek Hłasko
      “If you could burn calories just by crying... I would be a skinny woman."-Casey King, Fingerlike”    ―    Casey King Fingerlike
      “Why shine, when there's nothing to shine on?”    ―    Kevin Brooks
      “And it was at this time that Sir Myles died of his hurt, for it is often so that death and misfortune befall some, whiles others laugh and sing for hope and joy, as though such grievous things as sorrow and death could never happen in the world wherein they live.”    ―    Howard Pyle,    The Story of King Arthur and His Knights
      “Sometimes I feel like I'm disappearing.”    ―    Ainslie Hogarth,    The Lonely
      “Wanting to cry doesn't mean you can.”    ―    Kiera Cass,    The Siren
      “You still have friends who love you. It does not matter how many you have. All that matters is that someone thinks about you. A friend who cares for you. That is all you need. Do not commit suicide and do not cut just because someone does not say they think about you. I had the same problems until I found out this. Some people do not have anything and are raped and or killed and no one notices because no one cares. You have people. They are just too nervous to confront you.  You all have someone who loves you. Do not hide your real self from the world.  Let your voice be heard.”    ―    Neo Dallmeyer
      “i was a prisoner of events”    ―    Nigel Blundell,    The World's Greatest Mistakes
      “Sorrow is the violent smashing of reason, in that reason has no power over it.”    ―    Nina Sankovitch,    Tolstoy and the Purple Chair: My Year of Magical Reading
      “В ту ночь, лежа на кровати, я изобрел специальную дренажную систему, которая одним концом будет подведена под каждую подушку в Нью-Йорке, а другим соединена с резервуаром. Где бы люди ни плакали перед сном, слезы всегда будут стекать в одно место, а утром метеоролог сообщит, возрос или опустился уровень воды в резервуаре слез, и всем будет ясно, сколько гирь у ньюйоркцев на сердце.”    ―    Jonathan Safran Foer
      “My WishI wish my hearing would ceaseSo I could no longer hear your words.I wish my eyes would ceaseSo I could no longer see your gestures.I wish my mind would ceaseSo I could no longer replay your words and gestures.I wish my heart would ceaseSo I could no longer feel this pain.I wish you knew how deeply sorry I am for never being what you thought I should have been.-Casey King, Fingerlike”    ―    Casey King Fingerlike
      “I wish I didn’t have a heart that God wrote Sad on.”    ―    Benjamin Alire Sáenz,    Last Night I Sang to the Monster
      “A man's sadness can only be felt and fully experienced by him alone, others can look on and think.”    ―    Fort Free
      “I fell for you and I fell hard. You bruised my knees and my heart to the point where I will do everything in my power never to fall for anyone again. It’s safer to stay on your feet. I would rather walk through life completely without love - empty; than crawl through what’s been pumping through my veins one more time.”    ―    Denice Envall
      “People come and go from our lives all the time. It's not our fault that people leave. The Universe is just making room for new people with new lessons.”    ―    Sue Fitzmaurice
      “The real you is not sad, angry, depressed, ashamed, hurt, bitter or lost. These things are not real. They feel real but they're not. As spiritual beings living a brief human existence, this is not who we are. We are beautiful, radiant, joyful and loving.”    ―    Sue Fitzmaurice
      “A person's true character lies somewhere until after you might have pressed the wrong button without knowing, then you'll realize that there are dogs in human form.”    ―    Michael Bassey Johnson
      “She was always tired, these days. She put on one of those smiles that wasn’t really a smile at all, and they went on.”    ―    Jojo Moyes,    One Plus One  
      “And I loved you I loved you so There were times I forgot to breathe Waiting for the phone call For the sound of your voice Touching me places You couldn't touch For the miles between us. And I loved you Like a forest loves the spring Waiting for the smallest signs Of you coming back And breathing life back into me Warming me up On my brightest fields And my darkest valleys But you stayed away. And I loved you But fate seemed to have Different plans for us. I guess now I see that It was a one-sided love Peeking through The large glasses of a binocular I am here, so very close But you are far-far-away...”    ―    Veronika Jensen
      “You don’t have any control over anyone’s feelings.You can’t make your parents feel proud of you.You can’t make anyone like you.You can’t make anyone love you.You can make it easier for them, by sacrificing your time and energy, but you cannot MAKE THEM, you can only make it easier for them— and yet again, what have you gained? Nothing. You’re gambling. Putting trust coins into a slot machine hoping that love comes out.”    ―    M. Kirin
      “Life is defined by time, appreciate the beauty of time;A time to plant, a time to harvest. A time to cry, a time to laugh.A time to be sad, a time to be happy. A time to be born, a time to die.”    ―    Lailah Gifty Akita
      “My father once made us," she began, "keep a diary, in two columns; on one side we were to put down in the morning what we thought would be the course and events of the coming day, and at night we were to put down on the other side what really had happened. It would be to some people rather a sad way of telling their lives," (a tear dropped upon my hand at these words) - "I don't mean that mine has been sad, only so very different to what I expected.”    ―    Elizabeth Gaskell,    Cranford
      “Nature is where the reality happens.”    ―    J.T.Abraham
      “HAPPINESS is a choice. We all seem to be chasing it. It starts with us! True happiness is a gift that we give to ourselves, but it is also a gift that we pass to others. True happiness radiates from us and affects those around us…so the gift just keeps on giving! Every moment of the day there's a chance to create it. How? By the little and simplest ways. Doing things that we love, for our self and for others - nurtures and fulfills our soul. There will always be times of sadness in our life, we can't escape that, however, being optimistic with our thoughts at times like these we will bounce back from adversity. Most of all, be generous with your time, your compassion and your heart.”    ―    Angie Karan Krezos
      “Thus with continued concentration and the expenditure of enormous amounts of energy he tried to keep himself from slipping into the vast distances of his unhappiness. It was all around him. It was a darkness as impudently close as his brow. It choked him by its closeness. And what was most terrifying was its treachery. He would wake up in the morning and see the sun coming in the window, and sit up in his bed and think it was gone, and then find it there after all, behind his ears or in his heart.”    ―    E.L. Doctorow,    Ragtime
      “Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will break my soul.”    ―    Kathryn Lopez
      “I measure every Grief I meetWith narrow, probing, Eyes;I wonder if It weighs like Mine,Or has an Easier size.”    ―    Emily Dickinson
      “Trust can be broken in just a few seconds, but it takes years to heal”    ―    Rei Anthony Albon
      “What a world we are living in.Their is rain for rain, light for light and trees for all.”    ―    J.T.Abraham
      “At the heart of memory, is the stillness of time.”    ―    Manu Joseph,    The Illicit Happiness of Other People
      “I’m so sorry,” he said, because after Pamela died, he promised himself that if anyone told him the smallest, saddest story, he would answer, I’m so sorry. Meaning, Yes, that happened. You couldn't believe the people who believed that not mentioning sadness was a kind of magic that could stave off the very sadness you didn't mention – as though grief were the opposite of Rumpelstiltskin and materialized only at the sound of its own name.”    ―    Elizabeth McCracken,    Thunderstruck & Other Stories
      “And yet, it was still a performance.  Odin and I both knew it.  It was a kind of play, a dream of how things might have been if he and I had been capable of trusting each other for a change.  And so we hunted, and sang, and laughed, and told heavily edited stories of the good old days, while each of us watched the other and wondered when the knife would fall.”    ―    Joanne Harris
      “As far as he could discover, there were no signs of spring. The decay that covered the surface of the mottled ground was not the kind in which life generates. Last year, he remembered, May had failed to quicken these soiled fields. It had taken all the brutality of July to torture a few green spikes through the exhausted dirt.What the little park needed, even more than he did, was a drink. Neither alcohol nor rain would do. Tomorrow, in his column, he would ask Broken-hearted, Sick-of-it-all, Desperate, Disillusioned-with-tubercular-husband and the rest of his correspondents to come here and water the soil with their tears. Flowers would then spring up, flowers that smelled of feet."Ah, humanity..." But he was heavy with shadow and the joke went into a dying fall. He trist to break its fall by laughing at himself.”    ―    Nathanael West,    Miss Lonelyhearts
      “THE SADNESS IN OUR HEARTS SEEMS ENDLESS”    ―    Widad Akrawi
      “WHILE THE WORLD'S ASLEEP, ANGELS REFUSE TO SLEEP!”    ―    Widad Akrawi
      “I WILL FOLLOW ANYONEAND TELL EVERYONEABOUT...THE REAL WAR ON WOMENON YAZIDI GIRLS & WOMEN”    ―    Widad Akrawi
      “UPON FACES ANGEL TEARS... YOUR VOICES IN OUR EARS”    ―    Widad Akrawi
      “Gryzę poduszki, zaciskam pięści na żelaznych prętach łóżka. Nie powinienem był tu przyjeżdżać. Tam byłem zobojętniały i często pozbawiony nadziei. Nigdy już nie wrócę do tego stanu. Byłem żołnierzem, a teraz jestem niczym więcej, jak bólem z powodu siebie, z powodu matki, z powodu wszystkiego, co jest tak beznadziejne i bez końca. Nie powinienem był jechać na urlop.”    ―    Remarque Erich Maria del Bourgo Maurice,    All Quiet on the Western Front
      “I laugh when i'm hurt.I laugh when i'm confused.I laugh when i'm angry.I laugh because others will laugh as well, and while we are laughing, I feel okay for a while.”    ―    Damien Buerger
      “All Wishes are not from HEART !!!”    ―    Vinay Kumar Ganji
      “In life, sadness is inevitable. So, we must at least try to enjoy it.”    ―    George Aaron P. Navaja
      “Ya lo sé, debo escaparme de los ahogados que flotan en los pozos”    ―    Jorge Teillier
      “My whole world had fallen apart and I was the last to know.”    ―    toooldforthis,    Coming Full Circle
      “You think being dead inside is bad until someone brings you back to life and stabs you in the chest without the intention of killing you.”    ―    Denice Envall
      “You think you deserve to be sad," he says. There is a moment of silence as we look at each other.  "You think it is okay for you to be sad every day. But it's not okay. And you do not deserve it.”    ―    Laura Nowlin,    If He Had Been with Me  
      “Sorrow on another's face often looks like coldness, bitterness, resentment, unfriendliness, apathy, disdain, or disinterest when it is in truth purely sadness.”    ―    Richelle E. Goodrich
      “Or rather, he was sad because that morning he'd understood that he'd understood nothing, because while he still understood nothing he wasn't sad at all, but now that he'd understood that he'd understood nothing he felt sad, if you follow.”    ―    François Lelord,    Hector and the Search for Happiness
      “We recognize that you've used substances to try to regain your lost balance, to try to feel the way you did before the need arose to use addictive drugs or alcohol. We know that you use substances to alter your mood, to cover up your sadness, to ease your heartbreak, to lighten your stress load, to blur your painful memories, to escape your hurtful reality, or to make your unbearable days or nights bearable.”    ―    Chris Prentiss,    The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure
      “Tina nods sagely and says yes and then something in Plautdietsch, probably something like heck yeah do we ever know what sad is. Sadness is what holds our bones in place.”    ―    Miriam Toews,    All My Puny Sorrows
      “Utterly, irrevocably, lost”    ―    Oscar Wilde,    The Picture of Dorian Gray
      “I don’t see how anyone can find happiness in this world.”    ―    Denice Envall
      “music is for most of the part,can become an ecstasy of the human mind.”    ―    J.T.Abraham
      “When she enters the room she immediately shuts the window and draws the shade with a quick, hard pull. Then she throws herself down on the bed, and the sobbing starts all over again. It's as if she can't sob when she's not in a lying position - either that or she has to start sobbing the moment she lies down.”    ―    Stig Dagerman,    Sleet: Selected Stories
      “Happy?" asked Aquilina, with dreadful look, and a smile full of pity and terror. "Ah, you do not know what it is to be condemned to a life of pleasure.”    ―    Honoré de Balzac,    The Wild Ass's Skin
      “How can I escape a cage build by man?”    ―    PureDragonWolf
      “Everyone dies alone, Eragon. Whether you are a king on a battlefield or a lowly peasant lying in bed among your family, no one can accompany you into the void.”    ―    Christopher Paolini,    Brisingr
      “What good is a song that doesn't break your heart?”    ―    Marty Rubin
      “If love were human I would’ve set them on fire by now — a screaming blaze of smoke and flesh. I’d breathe in the blackness once more just to feel love’s destruction, its mortality filling in the hollow of my ribcage without a heart.”    ―    Piper Payne,    Breathing Black
      “The worst way to miss someone is to have them sitting right next to you and know you can never have them.”    ―    Gabriel Garcí­a Márquez
      “Depression can be due to a low endocrine function, nutritional deficiencies, blood sugar problems, food allergies, or systemic yeast infection. Depression can also result from medical illnesses such as stroke, heart attack, cancer, Parkinson's disease, and hormonal disorder. It can also be caused by a serious loss, a difficult relationship, a financial problem, or any stressful, unwelcome life change.”    ―    Chris Prentiss,    The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure
      “For a couple of days he was nice and I was on cloud number 9,damn they don’t teach how to come down from there instead leave us to gravity.”    ―    Pushpa Rana,    Just the Way I Feel
      “You know you may feel very sad like a child whose toy is broken; but then you know sun rises, life continues and you start laughing again!”    ―    Mehmet Murat ildan
      “Sometimes we get sad about things and we don't like to tell other people that we are sad about them. We like to keep it a secret. Or sometimes we are sad but we really don't know we are sad. So we say we aren't sad.But we really are.”    ―    Mark Haddon,    The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time
      “Pain pumps blood when heart dies”    ―    Munia Khan
      “Có phải vì niềm vui của thầy Nombre quá tằn tiện? Một người đang ở chương cuối của cuộc đời đáng ra vẫn có thể hưởng nhiều trái ngọt hơn chứ.Bởi thế nên tôi thấy buồn?”    ―    Takuji Ichikawa,    Be With You
      “I am very familiar with the sound of loss.”    ―    Amy L. Boukair,    Indigo
      “Sometime it's really hardest things to keep yourself alone.”    ―    Anuj Kr. Thakur
      “Pain whispersthrough silent wordsentombed in scarsshyly palpablein fleeting glimpsesbriefly allowed”    ―    Lady Bug
      “There was this movie that I would watch with her all the time, some stupid chick flick, and it had this opening line that would always make her catch her breath. 'I remember it hurt. Looking at her hurt', and I now realize that it was true. Every day I looked at her, it hurt. Hurt so much, because she was dying, and I couldn't help her.”    ―    Runaway Bunny
      “Trong một góc lặng của ICU, tôi bắt đầu nghiêm túc suy ngẫm về những điều đau khổ mà tôi đã cố lờ đi trong suốt ngày hôm nay. Sẽ như thế nào nếu tôi ở lại? Sẽ như thế nào nếu tỉnh dậy và mồ côi? Sẽ không bao giờ ngửi thấy mùi tẩu thuốc của bố? Không bao giờ đứng bên mẹ thủ thỉ tâm sự mỗi khi rửa bát? Không bao giờ đọc cho Teddy một chương mới của Harry Potter? Sống mà không có họ? Tôi không chắc đây còn là thế giới mà tôi thuộc về nữa hay không. Tôi không chắc mình có muốn tỉnh lại hay không.”    ―    Gayle Forman,    If I Stay
      “I sung to her at night. Every night. The same song. And she would do this thing, when she would close her eyes. And it felt like she was connecting with the music. That she was depicting every note, every sound, every word. I would watch her, watch her like she was my saving grace, like my angel. And at the chorus, the corners of her thin lips would pull up, and a small grin would form on her face. Her eyes would crinkle, and my heart would drop.”    ―    Runaway Bunny
      “The Amusement of every second is not a tolerable limit.But as it is, now it's all set on the highest limits of the sky.Mind Body Spirit,learn Transcend Teach.”    ―    J.T.Abraham
      “When you hear "Action" do it.When you see Elephants,Believe in it.When you want to do something do it now.”    ―    J.T.Abraham
      “The stars are brilliant at this time of night and I wander these streets like a ritual I don’t dare to break    for darling, the times are quite glorious.I left him by the water’s edge,still waving long after the ship was goneand if someone would have screamed my name I wouldn’t have heard for I’ve said goodbye so many times in my short life that farewells are a muscular task and I’ve taught them well.   There’s a place by the side of the railway near the lake where I grew up and I used to go there to burry things and start anew.     I used to go there to say goodbye. I was young and did not know many people but I had hidden things inside that I never dared to show and in silence I tried to kill them,   one way or the other,leaving sin on my body   scrubbing tears off with saltand I built my rituals in farewells.   Endings I still cling to.      So I go to the ocean to say goodbye.He left that morning, the last words still echoing in my headand though he said he’d come back one day I know a broken promise from a right onefor I have used them myself and there is no coming back.Minds like ours are can’t be tamed and the price for freedom is the price we pay.I turned away from the oceanas not to fall for its pleafor it used to seduce and consume meand there was this one nighta few years back and I was not yet accustomed to farewellsand just like now I stood waving long after the ship was gone.But I was younger then and easily fooledand the ocean was deep and dark and blueand I took my shoes off to let the water freeze my bones.I waded until I could no longer walk and it was too cold to swim but still I kept on walking at the bottom of the sea for I could not tell the difference between the ocean and the lack of someone I loved and I had not yet learned how the task of moving on is as necessary as survival.Then days passed by and I spent them with my work and now I’m writing letters I will never dare to send.But there is this one day every year or sowhen the burden gets too heavyand I collect my belongings I no longer needand make my way to the ocean to burn and drown and start anewand it is quite wonderful, setting fire to my chains and flames on written wordsand I stand there, starring deep into the heat until they’re all gone.    Nothing left to hold me back.You kissed me that morning as if you’d never done it before and never would again and now I write another letter that I will never dare to send, collecting memories of loss like chains wrapped around my veins,and if you see a fire from the shore tonightit’s my chains going up in flames.   The time of moon i quite glorious.      We could have been so glorious.”    ―    Charlotte Eriksson
      “Looking for happiness is a sure way to sadness, I think. You have to take each moment as it comes.”    ―    Benedict Cumberbatch
      “The people you think are the happiest are usually the saddest; that's because they see more and feel deeper than others do. They are the sensitive and they see beyond the veil of what's tangible and what's not. They wear no masks and can see through the masks of others. The sensitive to life are few in number, which is why they feel so alone...because they are all alone.”    ―    Donna Lynn Hope
      “Nobody should have to choose between a cold heart and a dead heart.”    ―    Nenia Campbell,    Crowned by Fire  
      “beneath the stars that drift; she sighed and said "Every tale of a love can only be a tale of ghosts that linger in these spaces wecan never hold,"—as the wind gave echo”    ―    John Daniel Thieme,    the ghost dancers
      “There is greater clarity in the still waters of sadness, something not found in the babbling brooks of more sought after emotions.”    ―    Shaun Hick
      “The process of thinking is a way of analyzing and making the right assumption at the right moment in life.”    ―    Jerril Thomas Abraham
      “Almost all sadness comes from thinking about the past, and all worry from thinking about the future — present-mindedness is your only safe haven.”    ―    Bryant McGill,    Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life
      “As we all know, life is always moving on.”    ―    Jerril Thomas Abraham
      “The world will and always will be running at the same pace as now,then and forever.”    ―    Jerril Thomas Abraham
      “Billy took off his tri-focals and his coat and his necktie and his shoes, and he closed the venetian blinds and then the drapes, and he lay down on the outside of the coverlet. But sleep would not come. Tears came instead. They seeped. [...] He closed his eyes, and opened them again. He was still weeping, but he was back in Luxembourg again. He was marching with a lot of other prisoners. It was a winter wind that was bringing tears to his eyes.”    ―    Kurt Vonnegut,    Slaughterhouse-Five
      “And inside, inside I feel a dark chasm. And its getting wider, deeper. It’s breaking my heart apart more and more. The chasm is filling up. Filling up with gallons and gallons tears. Tears that were unshed, but piled up. And the endless supply of hurt, anger, and sadness grew and grew. And now its going to burst out. The tears will empty from the chasm, and fall out as a stream from my blood shot eyes. And the chasm will expand, and expand and it will be too much for my small heart that can only take so much. And my heart will crack in two. But no one will know. No one will know the about the expanding chasms, or the gallons of tears, because I will appear fine on the outside. I will keep pretending. Even though inside I’m crying, and I’m breaking in two.”    ―    Runaway Bunny
      “I had a dream about you. You were crying, and your tears were so salty I decided to collect your sadness to sprinkle on potato chips. I thought we could start a business. I would make potato chips, I would make you sad, and you would cry onto the chips and season them for consumption. I thought a good name for the chips was the reason you always cry, and that is how Love Chips came into existence.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    Dreaming is for lovers
      “Don't dwell on sadness. Joy will take you where you want to go.”    ―    Bryant McGill,    Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life
      “pain demands to be felt..”    ―    Jasneet
      “The problem is not that people make any bond of affection they like with people they like; the problem is calling that bond of affection "love.”    ―    Daya Kudari
      “relations are the failures of life..”    ―    Jasneet
      “Olga was nice, Olga was nice and loving, Olga loved him, he repeated to himself with a growing sadness as he also realised that nothing would ever happen between them again, life sometimes offers you a chance he thought, but when you are too cowardly or too indecisive to seize it life takes the cards away; there is a moment for doing things and entering a possible happiness, and this moment lasts a few days, a few weeks or even a few months, but it only happens once and one time only, and if you want to return to it later it's quite simply impossible. There's no more place for enthusiasm, belief and faith, and there remains just gentle resignation, a sad and reciprocal pity, the useless but correct sensation that something could have happened, that you just simply showed yourself unworthy of this gift you had been offered.”    ―    Michel Houellebecq,    La carte et le territoire
      “The one who sees thought as a thought is the witness to mind and no longer subject to suffering.”    ―    Vivian Amis,    The Essentials of Life
      “Life is sad and there is nothing we can do about it.  All we can is to be vigilant about what we should not do.  The worst thing we can do is to not feel the sadness, to not weep, to not acknowledge the hurt that sits at the core of the human heart.”    ―    Martha M. Moravec,    Magnificent Obesity: My Search for Wellness, Voice and Meaning in the Second Half of Life
      “Never let the salt of your tears be tasteless in grief.”    ―    Munia Khan
      “The path you walk is unique and needed. There is no other like yours. On your path you experience love, joy and peace, as well as loneliness, sadness and torment. These all are specific lessons you choose to rediscover your divine identity.”    ―    Raphael Zernoff
      “She was a prism through with sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum”    ―    Jonathan Safran Foer,    Everything Is Illuminated
      “Amina would not know herself until years later, when she understood what it was to long for someone, to ache for their smell and taste on you, to imagine the weight of their hips pinning yours so precisely that you crane up to meet your own invisible desire”    ―    Mira Jacob,    The Sleepwalker's Guide to Dancing
      “You see, there's some blues for folks ain't never had a thing, and that's a sad blues ... but the saddest kind of blues is for them that's had everything they ever wanted and has lost it, and knows it won't come back no more. Ain't no sufferin' in this world worse than that; and that's the blue we call 'I Had It But It's All Gone Now.”    ―    Ken Grimwood,    Replay
      “The problem is not that people make any bond of affection, they like with people they like; the problem is calling that bond of affection "love.”    ―    Daya Kudari
      “I take it, though,...given the utter lack of change in your demeanor and nearly radiating I-just-slaughtered-a -bunch-of-infant-forest-animals guilt coming from your general direction...the exchange with your female friend went something a trifle short of fantastic. ”    ―    Anihyr Moonstar
      “Considérez dans son martyre spirituel cet être qui gît les yeux clos, disloqué comme la victime d'un accident brutal qui ne nécessite plus ni attention ni secours. Dénombrez les coups de couteau de la hideuse déception dans l'imagination humaine. Auscultez ce désert songeur où alternent le râle et le silence. Apitoyez-vous sur la douleur qui appelle non seulement la mort, mais une mort disgraciée, et recevez, ô Monde, ce poids de rêve piétiné dans le paradis sans conscience de votre vaine éternité !-Prière”    ―    Anna de Noailles,    L'Offrande
      “Consider in his spiritual martyr this being who lies with closed eyes, dislocated like the victim of a brutal accident who no longer requires care or rescue. Count the stabbing wounds of the hideous disappointment in the human imagination. Auscultate this pensive desert where alternate the rale and the silence. Feel pity for the grief that calls not only for death, but for a disgracied death, and receive, o World, this weight of trampled dream in the paradise with no conscience of your vain eternity !”    ―    Anna de Noailles,    L'Offrande
      “The cloudless day is richer at its close;A golden glory settles on the lea;Soft, stealing shadows hint of cool reposeTo mellowing landscape, and to calming sea.And in that nobler, gentler, lovelier light,The soul to sweeter, loftier bliss inclines;Freed form the noonday glare, the favour’d sightIncreasing grace in earth and sky divines.But ere the purest radiance crowns the green,Or fairest lustre fills th’ expectant grove,The twilight thickens, and the fleeting sceneLeaves but a hallow’d memory of love!”    ―    H.P. Lovecraft
      “It was over before I even had a chance.”    ―    Jenny Han,    To All the Boys I've Loved Before  
      “Blessed are those with cracks in their broken heart because that is how the light gets in.”    ―    Shannon L. Alder
      “I am drowning in negativism, self-hate, doubt, madness - and even I am not strong enough to deny the routine, the rote, to simplify. No, I go plodding on, afraid that the blank hell in back of my eyes will break through, spewing forth like a dark pestilence; afraid that the disease which eats away the pith of my body with merciless impersonality will break forth in obvious sores and warts, screaming "Traitor, sinner, imposter.”    ―    Sylvia Plath,    The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath
      “Before you came,things were as they should be:the sky was the dead-end of sight,the road was just a road, wine merely wine.Now everything is like my heart,a color at the edge of blood:the grey of your absence, the color of poison, of thorns,the gold when we meet, the season ablaze,the yellow of autumn, the red of flowers, of flames,and the black when you cover the earthwith the coal of dead fires.And the sky, the road, the glass of wine?The sky is a shirt wet with tears,the road a vein about to break,and the glass of wine a mirror in whichthe sky, the road, the world keep changing.Don’t leave now that you’re here—Stay. So the world may become like itself again:so the sky may be the sky,the road a road,and the glass of wine not a mirror, just a glass of wine.”    ―    Faiz Ahmad Faiz,    100 Poems by Faiz Ahmed Faiz: 1911-1984
      “Her heart is played like well worn stringsIn her eyes the sadness singsOf one who was destined of better things”    ―    Lang Leav
      “People rarely ventured outside the realm of their own hurts. They believed their own suffering was obvious to all, but might as well have been wearing blinders for all that they noticed anyone else's.”    ―    Nenia Campbell,    Touched with Sight
      “The way sadness works is one of the strangest riddles of the world. If you are stricken with a great sadness, you may feel as if you have been set aflame, not only because of the enormous pain, but also because your sadness may spread over your life, like smoke from an enormous fire. You might find it difficult to see anything but your own sadness, the way smoke can cover a landscape so that all anyone can see is black. You may find that happy things are tainted with sadness, the way smoke leaves its ashen colors and scents on everything it touches. And you may find that if someone pours water all over you, you are damp and distracted, but not cured of your sadness, the way a fire department can douse a fire but never recover what has been burnt down.”    ―    Lemony Snicket,    The Grim Grotto
      “The sky is so tragically beautiful. A graveyard of stars.”    ―    Anonymous
      “I don't cry. Unfortunately, I seem rather short of tears, so my sorrows have to stay inside me.”    ―    Nadine Gordimer,    The Quotable Gordimer; or, The Wit and Wisdom of Nadine Gordimer
      “I remember you with my soul clenched in that sadness of mine that you know.”    ―    Pablo Neruda
      “All too often, we mask truth in artifice, concealing ourselves for fear of losing the ones we love or prolonging a deception for those we wish to expose. We hide behind that which brings us comfort from pain and sadness or use it to repel a truth too devastating to accept.”    ―    Emily Thorne
      “Oh, God,” Wilhelm prayed, “Let me out of my trouble. Let me out of my thoughts, and let me do something better with myself. For all the time I have wasted I am very sorry. Let me out of this clutch and into a different life. For I am all balled up. Have mercy.”    ―    Saul Bellow,    Seize the Day
      “The tears come to my eyes so fast, there's just no way to stop them.”    ―    Jonathan Tropper,    How to Talk to a Widower
      “You have a history of starving yourself," he says gently.I lift my head. I meet his gaze. "I have a history that I don't like to talk about.”    ―    Stephanie Kuehn,    Charm & Strange
      “Nightmare completed, another humiliating defeat. 10 goals in 2 game. It will take time to come out from such humiliating defeat for Brazilian fans. But I think when you like something, when you fall to someone, when you are in love, you like them whatever happens, even they give tears to you time to time because you liked it from your heart.”    ―    Nutan Bajracharya
      “I wanted to say all these things about how you just have to hold on to the things you love and let go of all the rest.”    ―    Charlotte Eriksson
      “My unhappiness precluded all else; unhappiness is a kind of narcissism, in which nothing that does not resonate with your unhappiness can interest you.”    ―    Caroline Kettlewell,    Skin Game
      “أو تدرين يا فتاة ما الشقاء بمعنى كلمة الشقاء؟ إنه أن يكون الإنسان إنساناً ولا إنسان، و رجلا مكفوفاً عن مصائر الرجال، فيحب ولا ينال، ثم يخسر دينه في سبيل لذة الوصال، فلا يلقى بعد خسرانه منها إلا الصدود و النكال، ثم يراها بعد ذلك و هي معبودته المقدسة، تضع كنز حسنها طواعية تحت قدمي وحش ليفترسه، بل ليلوثه و يدنسه، و هي قريرة العين راضية الفؤاد”    ―    Victor Hugo,    The Hunchback of Notre-Dame
      “I think about this, not like someone thinking, but like someone breathing,And I look at flowers and I smile...I don’t know if they understand meOr if I understand them,But I know the truth is in them and in meAnd in our common divinityOf letting ourselves go and live on the EarthAnd carrying us in our arms through the contented SeasonsAnd letting the wind sing us to sleepAnd not have dreams in our sleep.”    ―    Alberto Caeiro
      “No matter what you are dealing with in life, be it resentment or regret, bitterness or sadness, anger or apathy, hatred or hesitation, depression or disempowerment, disappointment or other destructive anxieties, painful envy or emotional turmoil, fear of isolation or thoughts of failure, keep in mind that if you are positive, positivity will find you and embrace you!”    ―    Widad Akrawi
      “She deserved someone who could see what she had to give and would lover her for it. Who wouldn't turn away from her every time she made a mistake. She wanted to be important to someone. Perhaps, it was unrealistic, but the alternative was far worse. She could live with a broken heart, but not at the expense of her soul.”    ―    Monica McCarty,    The Chief
      “Wasting time over wasted time is just more wasted time...”    ―    Animesh Singh
      “There are beautiful things in the world and there are sad things and when they come together they make a star. The light is far away and the strangest part is that the light is inside you.”    ―    Victor Lodato,    Mathilda Savitch
      “This susceptibility to impressions had been his undoing, no doubt. Still at his age he had, like a boy or a girl even, these alternations of mood; good days, bad days, for no reason whatever, happiness from a pretty face, downright misery at the sight of a frump.”    ―    Virginia Woolf,    Mrs. Dalloway
      “Or is what remains in me like a defeated army,Fleeing in disarray from victory already won?”    ―    Bonhoeffer Dietrich
      “Long past the moment when her neck begins to stiffen and ache, she continues to stare into the darkness, even though none of the human secrets she needs to know are to be found in the stars but rather closer to the earth her boots stand upon.”    ―    Larry Watson,    Let Him Go
      “I lied, but by his reaction I think he liked what I had said. I had told Shreya about Sudeshna and she was okay with our relationship, but there were a few things that I hadn’t told even her…..secrets.I wasn’t proud to keep it away from her but it could have been a deal breaker for us. Some things are best left unsaid, I had heard someone say. Now I knew how true it is, because even with the best of intentions, some things are bound to be misunderstood. Shreya wouldn’t understand why I did those things, and nor would Priya. They wouldn’t understand that it needed to be done. It was best to keep it sealed and leave everyone at their happy states – in dark….but happy.”    ―    Bhaskaryya Deka,    The Unwanted Shadow
      “There is no cell culture for depression. You can't see it on a bone scan or an x-ray. Not everyone with depression will show the same behavioral symptoms.”    ―    Chris Prentiss,    The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure
      “> it’s raining.< what is?”    ―    Anna Jae
      “My pleasure is only superficial: in oily droplets it lies on my skin without being absorbed.”    ―    Anna Jae
      “Tantrums are seldom about the thing they appear to be about.”    ―    Diana Wynne Jones,    Howl's Moving Castle  
      “Happiness grows best in the soil of contentment.”    ―    Tim Fargo
      “My sadness is beautiful. It infuses everything I do. It is at the core of my identity and always has been, just as happiness is in some people. I refuse to be told that it's a flaw. I will not mute it with medications for the sake of society. I will hold it close to me and celebrate it rightfully while the rest of the world fails to see it for what it is and it will be their loss.”    ―    Ashly Lorenzana
      “Screaming at children over their grades, especially to the point of the child's tears, is child abuse, pure and simple. It's not funny and it's not good parenting. It is a crushing, scarring, disastrous experience for the child. It isn't the least bit funny.”    ―    Ben Stein
      “Wanna know what a bullet feels like, Warren? A real one? It’s not like in the comics…I think you need to. Feel it…It’s not going to make a neat little hole. First - it’ll obliterate your internal organs. Your lung will collapse, feels like drowning…When it finally hits your spine, it’ll blow your central nervous system-…I’m talking. The pain will be unbearable, but you won’t be able to move… A bullet usually travels faster than this, of course. But the dying? It seems like it takes forever. Something, isn’t it? One tiny piece of metal destroys everything. It ripped her insides out… It took her light away. From me. From the world… And now the one person who should be here is gone - and a waste like you gets to live. A tiny piece of metal. Can you feel it now?”    ―    Joss Whedon
      “There are some moments in life we all have to face, even though we don't want to.”    ―    Lisa De Jong,    When It Rains
      “I want to celebrate the sadness that makes you feel everything so deeply. I want to throw a party for the wounds that make you so unabashedly human.”    ―    D. Antoinette Foy
      “No amount of worrying can change the future. Go easy on yourself, for the outcome of all affairs is determined by God's decree. If something is meant to go elsewhere, it will never come your way, but if it is yours by destiny, from you it cannot flee.”    ―    Umar ibn Al-Khattab
      “We weren't so different, Finn and I. Cages come in lots of colors and shapes. Some are gilded, while others have a slamming door. But golden handcuffs are still handcuffs.”    ―    Amy Harmon,    Infinity + One
      “Tej seemed such a sunny personality, much of the time--these flashes of dark were like a crack in the sky, shocking and wrong. Reminding him that the daylight was the illusion, the scattering of light by the atmosphere, and the endless night was the permanent default behind it all.”    ―    Lois McMaster Bujold,    Captain Vorpatril's Alliance
      “Friends are life's ingredient that makes every sad moment sweeter, every difficult time easier, and every normal moment extraordinary.”    ―    Johnathan Jena
      “¿Por qué el ser humano es tan cruel,joder?¿Por qué?”    ―    Sally Gardner,    Maggot Moon
      “He swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto ...”    ―    Elizabeth Gaskell,    North and South
      “All mental unhappiness is the avoidance of legitimate suffering.”    ―    Stefan Molyneux
      “If I die, does that stop my pain, or just makes it worse?”    ―    Zombienator
      “In past wars only homes burnt, but this timeDon't be surprised if even loneliness ignites.In past wars only bodys burnt, but this timeDon't be surprised if even shadows ignite.”    ―    Sahir Ludhianvi
      “Some people know they'll live until spring and that's all they need to be happy. When I was feeling good, I just let the sun go down, knowing I'd see it again next morning. When I felt worse, and it didn't matter for what reasons, every sunset seemed to me like the end of the world. Maybe it's true, that the world dies every day at evening and is born again in the morning. But not always for everybody.”    ―    Arnošt Lustig
      “You have become her sadness and live in a different state of mind”    ―    Dostoyevsky
      “But for the first time, Boaz couldn't think of a single word to describe this kind of loneliness, so scary and real it required an entirely different language, new and strange and yet to be invented”    ―    Molly Antopol,    The UnAmericans
      “In vain we roared;in vain we triedTo rouse her into laughter:Her pensive glances wandered wideFrom orchestra to rafter -"TIER UPON TIER!" she said,and sighed;And silence followed after.”    ―    Lewis Carroll,    Jabberwocky and Other Poems
      “That house was no longer my home.”    ―    Alisa Mullen,    Unsettled
      “Scarce was the verdict spoken,When that still calm was broken,A childish form hath burst into the throng;With tears and looks of sadness,That bring no news of gladness,But tell too surely something hath gone wrong!”    ―    Lewis Carroll,    Jabberwocky and Other Poems
      “Why had he wanted to be rich, or to feel rich? Was he an unhappy mouse before?  Didn't he see the King himself often looking sad?  Was anyone completely happy?”    ―    William Steig,    The Real Thief
      “You're a dead man". I hear his voice again, and I see the words on my face when I get back in the cab and look in the rearview mirror.It makes me think of my life, my nonexistent accomplishments and my overall abilities in incompetence."A dead man", I think. He's not far wrong.”    ―    Markus Zusak,    I Am the Messenger
      “Thanks To Those People Who Give A Taste Of Right Ways. ” - Zia Mustafa”    ―    Zia Mustafa
      “I’m a keeper of flocks.The flock is my thoughtsAnd my thoughts are all sensations.I think with my eyes and with my earsAnd with my hands and feetAnd with my nose and mouth.Thinking about a flower is seeing and smelling itAnd eating a piece of fruit is knowing its meaning.That’s why when on a hot dayI feel sad from liking it so much,And I throw myself lengthwise on the grassAnd shut my hot eyes,And feeling my whole body lying on reality,I know the truth and I’m happy.”    ―    Alberto Caeiro,    The Keeper of Sheep
      “No amount of worrying can change the future. Go easy on yourself, for the outcome of all affairs is determined by God's decree. If something is meant to go elsewhere, it will never come your way, but if it is yours by destiny, from you it cannot flee.”    ―    Umar Ibn Al-Khattaab
      “And sometimes if I wantTo imagine I’m a lamb(Or a whole flockSpreading out all over the hillsideSo I can be a lot of happy things at the same time),It’s only because I feel what I write at sunset,Or when a cloud passes its hand over the lightAnd silence runs over the grass outside.When I sit and write poemsOr, walking along the roads or pathways,I write poems on the paper in my thoughts,I feel a staff in my handAnd see my silhouetteOn top of a knoll,Looking after my flock and seeing my ideas,Or looking after my ideas and seeing my flock,With a silly smile like someone who doesn’t understand what somebody’s sayingBut tries to pretend they do.”    ―    Alberto Caeiro,    The Keeper of Sheep
      “Sometimes I get so sad that it jest sounds good.”    ―    Abbi Glines,    Existence
      “Perhaps it goes without saying that I believe in the geographic cure. Of course you can't out-travel sadness. You will find it has smuggled itself along in your suitcase. It coats the camera lens, it flavors the local cuisine. In that different sunlight, it stands out, awkward, yours, honking in the brash vowels of your native tongue in otherwise quiet restaurants. You may even feel proud of its stubbornness as it follows you up the bell towers and monuments, as it pants in your ear while you take in the view. I travel not to get away from my troubles but to see how they look in front of famous buildings or on deserted beaches. I take them for walks. Sometimes I get them drunk. Back at home we generally understand each other better.”    ―    Elizabeth McCracken,    An Exact Replica of a Figment of My Imagination
      “It was such a relief to be able to sob and have someone know all the reasons why.”    ―    Rachel Hawkins,    Rebel Belle  
      “Acknowledge that some moments are just plain awful―desperate and gloomy and painful and miserable and nothing at all but anguish.  No truthful, cheerful thought in the world will fix it.  So let me cry awhile.  Don't try to find a sunbeam where a shroud of darkness encloses me.  Let me mourn.  Then after the storm, when the tears have run dry and my eyes choose to open, I will look for your rainbow of hope.”    ―    Richelle E. Goodrich
      “Sometimes my heart hurts so much, I beat it with my fists. I try to run. But you cannot run from this. It waits for you. Even when you think you have escaped it, it is there.”    ―    Klaus Kinski
      “Wherever Jordan's going - and I do believe we all go somewhere - think of it as the light that will bring him home.”    ―    Cassandra Clare,    City of Heavenly Fire
      “Because we know he was simply a man, with weakness and frailties. Who yearned for the same things all of us do--to love and be loved”    ―    Kristen Callihan,    Firelight
      “You endure what is supposedly unbearable, and before you know it, you would have done the impossible by bearing the unbearable.”    ―    Donovan
      “I had a dream about you reviewing a book on Reading Rainbow. Unlike the others, you were brutally honest in your feedback and brought Lavar and I to tears.”    ―    Ryan Lilly,    We Had A #Dream About You
      “Outside, across the putrid moat and under the dark mute trees, I would often lie and dream for hours about what I read in the books; and would longingly picture myself amidst gay crowds in the sunny world beyond the endless forests.”    ―    H.P. Lovecraft
      “Your half empty..A broken glass,I love you can sound so beautifulUntil you stop to listenThat terrible background noise,you have no idea how bad I want to hold youBut I’m afraid I’ll cut my hand.”    ―    Brittany Williams
      “I wanted desperately to be part of our pack; I felt a hole inside myself where my pack should have been.”    ―    Aurora Whittet,    Bloodmark
      “She wept a river of tears holy water, sent to soften the sharp edges of sorrow a gentle hollowing out, carving new chambers in her hearta hallowed vessel for holding sacred, the tears of others...”    ―    Kate Mullane Robertson
      “One must be honest with himself. Then it will be much better than it is now.”    ―    Ali A. H. Al-Allaq
      “For all our mutual experienceOur separate conclusions are the sameNow we are forced to recognize our inhumanityOur reason coexists with our insanityBut we choose between reality and madnessIt's either sadness or euphoria”    ―    Billy Joel,    Billy Joel: Turnstiles
      “Por qué rayos me siento tan triste cuando papá hace cosas por mi bien?”    ―    Maria Fernanda Heredia,    Hay Palabras que los Peces no Entienden
      “But it's a changeable world! When we consider how great our sorrow seem, and how small they are; how we think we shall die of grief, and how quickly we forget, I think we ought to be ashamed of ourselves and our fickle-heartedness. For, after all, what business has Time to bring us consolation?”    ―    William Makepeace Thackeray,    Barry Lyndon
      “دائماً نحن نعرف عن الآخرين أكثر من معرفتهم عن كمّ المعلومات التي نعرفها نحن عنهم.”    ―    Ali A. H. Al-Allaq
      “Where were me parents? Where were Becky? I felt so alone, so lost that I could not see. By that I mean, everything round me were a blur, everything inside me were a blur of fear and shock. I heard meself crying and moaning, My oh my, my oh my . . . I still have nightmares ’bout that time. I still feel like a sharp piece ofice has stabbed me heart real deep. I was filled, filled to the brim with utter baffle and utter loneliness. p. 15”    ―    Louis Nowra,    Into That Forest
      “You endure what is supposedly unbearable, and before you know it, you would have done the impossible by bearing the unbearable.”    ―    Donovan Inniss
      “People first make unhappy, then say stay happy.”    ―    Ahsan Zahid
      “The child tells me her grandmothershowed her how to cure sadness by sucking the juice of an orange, while standing on a beach.Toss the peels onto a wave.Watch the sadness float away.”    ―    Margarita Engle,    The Surrender Tree: Poems of Cuba's Struggle for Freedom
      “For, thought Ahab, while even the highest earthly felicities ever have a certain unsignifying pettiness lurking in them, but, at bottom, all heartwoes, a mystic significance, and, in some men, an archangelic grandeur; so do their diligent tracings-out not belie the obvious deduction. To trail the genealogies of these high mortal miseries, carries us at last among the sourceless primogenitures of the gods; so that, in the face of all the glad, hay-making suns, and soft-cymballing, round harvest-moons, we must needs give in to this: that the gods themselves are not for ever glad. The ineffaceable, sad birthmark in the brow of man, is but the stamp of sorrow in the signers.”    ―    Herman Melville,    Moby-Dick; or, The Whale
      “I realize now that the reason we often feel so bad about change is because of all those beautiful things that happen in our lives.  I mean, I can't remember ever feeling sad about many things other than a great memory. I believe in contentment and love and laughter.  I believe when we fear for our content it is then, most of all, we feel sadness.”    ―    Dito Montiel,    A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints
      “When he came home early, he was dreary. There, he'd sit by the fireplace, his worn hands gripping the newspaper a bit too tight, his eyes held to it, unseeing, towards the words, the meaningless grouping of letters on that newspaper. The fire would cackle, sizzle, full of life, so opposite to this man, whose face was crossed with the burdens of the world, and lips pressed thing under that bushy mustache. His grief sat on him like a cloud, sending him into a dimension that left his eyes two empty coals, his chest an impossible storm. He spoke to no one, and hardly did anyone speak to him, because words were never something he was good at.   Then, when the sky darkened, he's stand, and trudge to his room, where his bed waited, cold and hungry, just as he'd always known it to be.”    ―    Rana Mohamad
      “we come for helping you but you said ថ្លង់ណាស់ អាគណបក្សនេះ មិនដឹងជាមករកអី។មើលមុខប្រជាពលរដ្ឋនៅម្ដុំនោះសមតាហ្មង សមនឹងបាត់ដី។”    ―    Sothea Phann
      “Sadness is like growing of hairs around our ass; we may not like it or want it, but it is surprisingly always there.”    ―    M.F. Moonzajer,    LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS
      “In my life, no three miles have been flat and no three days have had sun. I've been brave in the past, but now I'm beyond devastated. My grief is like dense clouds that cannot be dispersed. I can't think beyond the blackness of my clothes and heart.”    ―    Lisa See,    Shanghai Girls
      “It's a sad and beautiful world.”    ―    Jim Jarmusch
      “The scene sucker-punched Max. He never saw it coming. It encapsulated in one poignant instant the tragic beauty of his family history.”    ―    Sol Luckman,    Snooze: A Story of Awakening
      “She takes another sip of her drink. She looks around the bar. I look at the fine muscles in her neck, at the two points of her clavicle. Her grief has not so much changed her as stripped her down, stripped her body and her face. Maybe she should do what I do. She could stand next to me and the students could draw our lines. I order another bourbon, count the count.”    ―    Adam Berlin,    The Number of Missing
      “This morning I awoke drowning in sadness. Sleepily, I probed my heart looking for a cause.Then, rising from the dream, I took possession of my feelings and gave them back to God - the only Source of my life.And that feeling of sadness - redeemed - becamea deeply felt compassion, a determination to make a difference….”    ―    Kate Mullane Robertson
      “Maybe his nightmare had been about me.”    ―    Marie Lu,    Prodigy  
      “Forget him. Forget him.”    ―    Jodi Lynn Anderson,    Tiger Lily
      “If the whole world seems like it's against you, it helps to know that you've still got home. A safe place. It just takes one person—a teacher, a friend, a parent. If I didn't have you and Dad, if you hadn't made it so clear you loved me as much as you did, or if you'd said, 'yeah, why don't you do it, and put yourself out of our misery, just shut up,' I would have killed myself. I really would have. I spent most of those days wishing I were dead anyway, and what always stopped me was the fact that doing so would destroy the lives of the only people who ever cared about me.”    ―    Nenia Campbell,    Freaky Freshman: A Memoir of Bullying and Social Anxiety
      “Remember what I said when I led to Omar and the queen?" I bobbed my head, unable to look away from his jewel-like eyed, shining in the darkness...so much like Chorda's. "That was the lie. Good-bye, Lane," he said and then crept into the darkness.”    ―    Kat Falls,    Inhuman
      “Usiwapoteze marafiki zako wa mwanzo kwa sababu ya ujinga wako, wala usiwaache marafiki zako wa mwanzo kwa sababu ya ujinga wao.”    ―    Enock Maregesi
      “so much is happening now; you must be patient like someone who is sick, and confident like someone who is recovering; for perhaps you are both. And more: you are also the doctor, who has to watch over himself. But in every sickness there are many days when the doctor can do nothing but wait. And that is what you, insofar as you are your own doctor, must now do, more thananything else.”    ―    Rainer Maria Rilke,    Letters to a Young Poet
      “The iron bolt which so mysteriously fastens the door of hope and holds our spirits in gloomy prison, needs a heavenly hand to push it back.”    ―    Charles H. Spurgeon
      “Everything we come across becomes a part of us. It doesn't matter how small or insignificant it is…or how devastating. One story here, one story there, that’s what I see when I look back at my life. An accumulation of everything I went through.”    ―    Bhaskaryya Deka,    The Unwanted Shadow
      “I realised I never wanted to leave her side, and I never wanted her to have to struggle to be released from her sadness. I could never suggest she required release; for she did not require release. It was a true thing, this sadness of hers; a true thing about the world, about life, about herself. I just wanted Daphne. I wanted who she was, how she was, only her, all of her, always. And I knew I would be forever treading the long path towards that shrouded chamber of dusky luminance I glimpsed in her flickering sort of half-smiles.”    ―    R.M.  Miller,    Evening Breeze
      “Her voice is raw. She sings from the deepest cracks of her heart and her soul. When she closes her eyes, I know she has lost herself in the music. - Unrequited”    ―    Alisa Mullen,    Unrequited
      “His face looked almost as gray as his suit, and the pouches beneath his eyes looked like little bags for holding all the sadness that his head couldn't hold.”    ―    Phyllis Reynolds Naylor,    The Grooming of Alice
      “I finally understood what could drive kids to show up with guns and shoot up their schools.”    ―    Nenia Campbell,    Freaky Freshman: A Memoir of Bullying and Social Anxiety
      “Marafiki zako wa mwanzo ambao bado ni marafiki zako mpaka sasa ni wazuri kuliko wote kutokana na sababu mbalimbali: Wamekuwepo pamoja nawe katika shida na raha; wanakujua vizuri unapokuwa na furaha, na wanakujua vizuri unapokuwa na huzuni; mmezoeana kwa miaka mingi na wanaujua hata utani wako wa ndani; wanajua nini unapendelea zaidi na nini hupendelei zaidi, na wanazijua sifa zako za ushupavu na sifa zako za udhaifu. Hata hivyo, katika maisha yetu, tunahitaji marafiki wa aina zote mbili kurahisisha maisha. Marafiki wapya hutuongezea viungo muhimu katika maisha yetu wakati marafiki wa mwanzo ni nguzo au miamba imara ya maisha yetu, na ndiyo watu hasa watakaotusaidia katika shida na raha! Usiwapoteze au usiwaache marafiki zako wa mwanzo lakini jenga mahusiano mapya. Marafiki zako wa mwanzo ni dhahabu, wa sasa ni fedha.”    ―    Enock Maregesi
      “Marafiki zako wa mwanzo ni wazuri kuliko wote.”    ―    Enock Maregesi
      “Who am I? They often tell me I would step from my cell's confinement calmly, cheerfully, firmly, like a squire from his country-house.Who am I? They often tell me I would talk to my warden freely and friendly and clearly, as though it were mine to command.Who am I? They also tell me I would bear the days of misfortune equably, smilingly, proudly, like one accustomed to win.Am I then really all that which other men tell of, or am I only what I know of myself, restless and longing and sick, like a bird in a cage, struggling for breath, as though hands were compressing my throat, yearning for colors, for flowers, for the voices of birds, thirsting for words of kindness, for neighborliness, trembling with anger at despotisms and petty humiliation, tossing in expectation of great events, powerlessly trembling for friends at an infinite distance, weary and empty at praying, at thinking, at making, faint and ready to say farewell to it all.Who am I? This or the other? Am I one person today, and tomorrow another? Am I both at once? A hypocrite before others, and before myself a contemptibly woebegone weakling? Or is something within me still like a beaten army, fleeing in disorder from victory already achieved?Who am I? They mock me, these lonely questions of mine.Whoever I am, Thou knowest, O God, I am thine!”    ―    Dietrich Bonhoeffer,    Prison Poems
      “Every month there is a moon, gigantic, round, heavy, an omen. IT transits, pauses, continues on and passes out of sight, and I see despair coming towards me like famine. To feel that empty, again, again. I listen to my heart, wave upon wave, salty and red, continuing on and on, marking time.”    ―    Margaret Atwood,    The Handmaid's Tale
      “Khi mối quan hệ xuất hiện những nứt rạn, người ta thường băn khoăn rằng những người khác sẽ làm gì trong tình cảnh tương tự. Tôi nhận ra mình đang cố sức đến kiệt quệ để thể hiện bản thân như một sinh thể không sợ hãi, như một con thú nhỏ giữa trái đất này. Tôi giấu mình đi, tránh lai vãng những nơi chốn cũ từng tới với anh, không ăn những món chúng tôi từng nấu hoặc ăn cùng nhau, chỉ là không dọn đến mộ chỗ ở mới, vì tôi đã có căn bếp và tủ lạnh lớn đúng như ao ước bấy lâu. Người ta thường bảo chẳng ai mê thích người yêu được đến từng giây từng phút trong suốt cuộc đời, nhưng với tôi thì không đúng. Tôi say mê và vẫn nhìn về phía người tôi yêu mỗi giây mỗi phút được ở bên nhau. Và chưa thể chấp nhận thực tế rằng mình không còn anh nữa. Nỗi buồn thực sự chính là khi một người luôn khao khát mà người kia thì không. Tôi chẳng tìm ra từ nào xác đáng hơn để miêu tả, và không thể diễn đạt được cảm giác này thông qua món ăn.Bởi có một điều chắc ai cũng biết, về nỗi buồn, là nó rất mực cá nhân, riêng tư hết sức.”    ―    Kyung-ran Jo,    Tongue
      “No one can sad listening to Frankie Valli.”    ―    Rachel Hollis,    Party Girl
      “There are certain levels of sadness that introduce you to parts of yourself you never knew existed, and it’s always a much purer version of you that couldn’t be any you-er than you. You fall in love with it and forget to move on.”    ―    Ibraheem Hamdi,    The Cashmere Scarf
      “The people who are happy for your happiness and sad for your sadness... keep them around.”    ―    Steve Maraboli
      “My tears simply broke through the fragile wallthat had held them, and with a terrible feeling of shame, I laid my head upon the table and let them drain out of me.”    ―    Arthur Golden,    Memoirs of a Geisha
      “The lonlier your path is, the brighter your future will be.”    ―    Omer Abazi
      “How is there laughter, how is there joy, as this world is always burning?”    ―    Jack Kerouac,    Some of the Dharma
      “Nicole had put on weight. This is the effect which, in three cases out of four, unhappiness has upon women. The process of eating guarantees at least the health of the body.”    ―    Françoise Sagan,    Dans un mois, dans un an
      “One of the three pigeons  flew on the same bark just  before the second pigeon  had flown on it ; and I  observed the third lagging  just the opposite direction !”    ―    Chandan Ray
      “I am not, anymore, a Christian, but I am lifted and opened by any space with prayer inside it.  I didn’t know why I was going, today, to stand in the long cool darkness of St. John of the Divine, but my body knew, as bodies do, what it wanted. I entered the oddly small door of the huge space, and walked without hesitating to the altar I hadn’t consciously remembered, a national memorial for those who died of AIDS, marked by banners and placards. My heart melted, all at once, and I understood why I was there. Because the black current the masseuse had touched wanted, needed, to keep flowing. I’d needed to know I could go on, but I’d also been needing to collapse.  Which is what I did, some timeless tear span of minutes sitting on the naked gray stone. A woman gave me the kind of paper napkins you get with an ice cream cone. It seemed to me the most genuine of gifts, made to a stranger: the recognition of how grief moves in the body, leaving us unable to breathe, helpless, except for each other.”    ―    Mark Doty,    Heaven's Coast: A Memoir
      “And I'd noticed her eyes, the lightest blue, and alive, moving here and there and then staring straight on. And now there's darkness under her eyes like she hasn't slept well for too many days, almost like someone punched her just hard enough to leave a little black, a quarter-moon smudge under each eye.”    ―    Adam Berlin,    The Number of Missing
      “lonelyness is the only friend that last forever than having friendship among people”    ―    ravishangaran
      “The state of mind above which my distraction floats like fog is suddenly perfectly clear, though the right word for it is less immediately available.  Grief is too sharp and immediate; maybe it’s the high pitch of the vowel sound, or the monosyllabic impact of the word, as quick a jab as knife or cut.     Sadness is too ephemeral, somehow; it sounds like something that comes and goes, a response to an immediate cause which will pass in a little while as another cause arises to generate a different feeling.     Mourning isn’t bad, but there’s something a little archaic about it.   I think of widows keening, striking themselves- dark-swathed years, a closeting of self away from the world, turned inward toward an interior dark.     Sorrow feels right , for now.  Sorrow seems large and inhabitable, an interior season whose vaulted sky’s a suitable match for the gray and white tumult arched over these headlands. A sorrow is not to be gotten over or moved through in quite the way that sadness is, yet sorrow is also not as frozen and monochromatic as mourning. Sadness exists inside my sorrow, but it’s not as large as sorrow’s realm. This sorrow is capacious; there’s room inside it for the everyday, for going about the workaday stuff of life.  And for loveliness, for whatever we’re to be given by the daily walk.”    ―    Mark Doty,    Heaven's Coast: A Memoir
      “Waiting for you is like waiting for rain in a drought”    ―    kayser john pagapulan
      “He was acting like our kiss had broken him, and his reaction was breaking me.”    ―    Shannon A. Thompson,    Seconds Before Sunrise  
      “حاسب من الاحزان و حاســـــــب لهاحاسب علي رقابيك من حبلـــــــــــهاراح تنتهي و لابد راح تنتهــــــــــيمش انتهت أحزان من قبلهــــــــــا؟عجبي !!!”    ―    صلاح جاهين,    رباعيات صلاح جاهين
      “He still smiles all the time, but now his smiles look like they're made out of water, about to drip down his face.”    ―    Veronica Roth,    Allegiant
      “You ache with it all; and the more mysterious it is, the more you ache.”    ―    Fyodor Dostoyevsky,    Notes from Underground
      “You wanted to become a doctor to help people and feel better at the end of your job, I think, watching them, as the nurse takes my hand. But I don't think you do feel better at the end of the day. You look like humans have constantly disappointed you.”    ―    Caitlin Moran,    How to Be a Woman
      “I am touched by her life, how it moves forward, pulses and springs. There is no fragmentation, nothing stunted or wedged. I circle back, I regress, the past doesn't let go. It might as well be a malfunction, a scene repeating itself, a scratched vinl record, a stutter.”    ―    Leila Aboulela,    Minaret
      “I have this very silly fear, dear friend, that one day I'll be old without ever having been young.”    ―    Anonymous
      “I always knew death of this relation would beat the death out of my life.”    ―    M. Ali
      “The words I love you, as a unit, are like a knife that only stings once you remove the blade from the relationship.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    Love quotes for the ages. And the ageless sages.
      “Kipo kitu kinaendelea kufanyika katika siku zetu za furaha na katika siku zetu za huzuni kwa kila mmojawetu hapa duniani bila ya upendeleo wowote. Kitu hicho ni kuingia na kutoka kwa pumzi, au kupumua. Ukiithamini pumzi inayoingia na kutoka ndani ya mwili wako utapata zawadi ya amani katika maisha yako. Utapata pia zawadi ya furaha, uelewa na ufasaha! Ijapokuwa una matatizo mengi katika maisha, kitu bora cha kufanya ni kushukuru Mungu kwa maana wewe ni mzima.”    ―    Enock Maregesi
      “Ikiwa hakuna kitu kinafanyika katika maisha yako usijali. Kuna kitu kinafanyika – kuingia na kutoka kwa hii pumzi.”    ―    Enock Maregesi
      “I feel impossibly sad and like I'll die, what can we do?”    ―    Jack Kerouac,    The Subterraneans
      “She's sure, absolutely sure, that what she's waiting for will happen, just the way she wants it to; and I'm so uncertain, so fearful my dreams will end up forgotten somewhere, someday, like a piece of string and a paperclip lying in a dish.”    ―    Lois Lowry,    A Summer to Die
      “ Only strong people can find happiness from the sadness surrounding them.”    ―    Sahaj Oberoi
      “He looks forlornly ahead of him, gazing at the road but looking at nothing in particular. The whole world is one big giant ball of light to him, and he feels like a bug inside it, waiting to be squashed. He feels like there is no sense of purpose, no direction. There is nothing waiting for him at the end of the rainbow. No pot of gold for all the pain he is feeling now, or the pain he has felt before. He just feels empty and lost, as if he is looking for something that can never be found. He feels lost that he can’t explain it to anyone and that no one will understand. He feels left out, standing alone, waiting endlessly for a ray of hope which never comes. He has suffered through this before, lurking in the shadows of his own despair, fighting for his life and losing the battle. But nothing ever makes this pain go away. Or the fear. He doesn’t fear what people fear. Not the loss of life or riches—Roman fears losing himself in this swamp called existence. He fears becoming the person he doesn’t want to become, and most of all, he fears himself. Fears his own potential to destroy and destruct. To obliterate. To suffocate his own life. He fears all that and he is afraid no one will ever know what his heart aches for, or how bad he has it. At times he feels the urge to tell this to someone, but other times he just enjoys being silent, watching on like a passerby at his own life, an observer rather than someone who’s actually living it.”    ―    Sam  Hunter,    The Devil's Breath
      “The sounds of a man crying is a piteous noise, almost worse than an infant's cry. Babies are either hungry, sick or bored, or need changing. This man was none of those things. He was wrapped in grief as deep as the ocean, and no one could do anything to help him.”    ―    Samantha Hayes,    Until You're Mine
      “It seems to him there area thousand bars, and behind the bars, no world.”    ―    Rainer Maria Rilke
      “Once upon a time, you were everything to me..and I was everything to you.”    ―    marge baylin
      “I cry at weddings, but not funerals. One’s a sad event, and the other a joyous one. ”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    Sleepwalking is restercise
      “I guess it's better to have a chalk smile, than an ink smile. Where chalk changes with the direction of wind, ink stays as a deep stain. Like rain, sun and hail against a fake plant.”    ―    Anthony Liccione
      “The simple trill of her laugh has not declined over the years; if anything it's been buffeted by her endless sorrows and disappointments.”    ―    Gary Shteyngart,    Little Failure
      “you keep me going when i feel like a flat tyreyou do my head right, like a hair dryercan i call you my machanic since you change my mood and get me feeling like i have got a spare tyre.”    ―    Mohlalefi j motsima
      “Baby, don't build a monument for me of your sadness. You wouldn't have wasted your tears when I was alive. Why make an ocean of them now when it's over? The future you dreamed is a dream. Dream something else.”    ―    Stephanie   Roberts,    As We Are
      “I don't think I've ever felt anything other than lonely. "The saddest part of this was not the words, but the tone he said them with. So matter of fact; as though loneliness was the same as the colour of your hair or having too many freckles. A fact about yourself that could not be permanently altered.”    ―    Theresa  Smith
      “We are creatures of rage and madness and bitter tears and we knew that from the start. Our end was disaster and we knew that from the start. We knew it all from the start.”    ―    Thomas Curtis Clark,    1000 Quotable Poems; An Anthology Of Modern Verse
      “I was not looking for HIM, he was just always there, the little BOY! I have not seen HIM, because I did not want to see, but HE was standing next to my bed every night, the little BOY! I have not heard their cry because I have forbidden HIM there to cry. But one day, when I woke up, did I knew seen, so sad and lonely! I wanted to tell HIM that it's all going to be good. But I could not because I knew that it is not so! And we both cried, I and the LITTLE BOY IN ME!”    ―    - Nirav Sanchaniya
      “When I tell you "forever", I mean it.”    ―    marge baylin
      “I love you. That never changed eversince that day you walked right in front of me.”    ―    marge baylin
      “Don't make all of your sadness to be a miserable tragedy,Just forget it with your conscious heart and clear mind.”    ―    Rizky Adam Rifai
      “And at the closing of the dayShe loosed the chain, and down she lay;The broad stream bore her far away,The Lady of Shallot.”    ―    Alfred Lord Tennyson
      “Most of the pain we feel is nothing more than a story that needs telling.”    ―    Ashly Lorenzana
      “The crickets felt it was their duty to warn everybody that summertime cannot last for ever. Even on the most beautiful days in the whole year - the days when summer is changing into autumn - the crickets spread the rumour of sadness and change.”    ―    E.B. White,    Charlotte's Web  
      “She’d left him.Without a word. Without a thought. She’d left him and now he hadfeelings.For that alone, he’d never forgive her.”    ―    G.A. Aiken,    About a Dragon
      “I do not believe in the government of the lash, if any one of you ever expects to whip your children again, I want you to have a photograph taken of yourself when you are in the act, with your face red with vulgar anger, and the face of the little child, with eyes swimming in tears and the little chin dimpled with fear, like a piece of water struck by a sudden cold wind. Have the picture taken. If that little child should die, I cannot think of a sweeter way to spend an autumn afternoon than to go out to the cemetery, when the maples are clad in tender gold, and little scarlet runners are coming, like poems of regret, from the sad heart of the earth—and sit down upon the grave and look at that photograph, and think of the flesh now dust that you beat. I tell you it is wrong; it is no way to raise children! Make your home happy. Be honest with them. Divide fairly with them in everything.”    ―    Robert G. Ingersoll,    The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child
      “A night of crying has silenced me.  This morning it seems the whole world is against me.  I've never before felt so barren, so empty.  I've never before thought the daylight to be ... my enemy.  My enemy.”    ―    Shaun Hick
      “Girl from the fifth floor, who feeds the birds every day, climbs up to the water tank and jumps off. I see her body on the road below, and feel absolutely nothing. Maybe because I expect her to get up and walk off. In a story, the birds would have joined forces in a show of gratitude and broken her fall, carried her to a faraway land of safety. As it is, they just gurgle foolishly and confer about the no-show of breakfast.I imagine myself in Pigeon girl's place - a split open bag of skin on tar.”    ―    Amruta Patil,    Kari
      “I wanted love to conquer all. But love can't conquer anything.”    ―    David Levithan,    Every Day
      “{Yogananda on the death of his dear friend, the eminent 20th century scientist, Luther Burbank}His heart was fathomlessly deep, long acquainted with humility, patience, sacrifice. His little home amid the roses was austerely simple; he knew the worthlessness of luxury, the joy of few possessions. The modesty with which he wore his scientific fame repeatedly reminded me of the trees that bend low with the burden of ripening fruits; it is the barren tree that lifts its head high in an empty boast.I was in New York when, in 1926, my dear friend passed away. In tears I thought, 'Oh, I would gladly walk all the way from here to Santa Rosa for one more glimpse of him!' Locking myself away from secretaries and visitors, I spent the next twenty-four hours in seclusion...His name has now passed into the heritage of common speech. Listing 'burbank' as a transitive verb, Webster's New International Dictionary defines it: 'To cross or graft (a plant). Hence, figuratively, to improve (anything, as a process or institution) by selecting good features and rejecting bad, or by adding good features.''Beloved Burbank,' I cried after reading the definition, 'your very name is now a synonym for goodness!”    ―    Paramahansa Yogananda,    Autobiography of a Yogi
      “{From Lindsey's address at the funeral of renowned scientist Luther Burbank. Burbank was one of the most beloved people in the early 20th century due to his countless contributions to humanity, but when, in an interview, he revealed that he was an atheist, the public quickly turned on him, sending him hundreds of death threats. Upset and grief stricken, the kind-hearted Burbank tried to respond to every letter amiably, a task that ultimately led to his death}. . . Luther Burbank had a philosophy that actually works for human betterment, that dares to challenge the superstition, hypocrisy, and sham, which so often have worked for cruelties, inquisitions, wars and massacres. Superstition that stood across the road of Progress, commanded, not by a god or gods, but the meanest devils that we know--Ignorance, Intolerance, Bigotry, Fanaticism, and Hate. The prejudiced beneficiaries of organized theology refused to see what Burbank, the gifted child of Nature, saw with a vision as crystal as theirs is dense and dark. And so they assailed him.One of the saddest spectacles of our times is the effort of hidebound theologians, still desperately trying to chain us to the past--in other forms that would still invoke the inquisitions, the fears, and the bigotries of the dark ages, and keep the world in chains. The chains of lies, hypocrisies, taboos, and the superstitions, fostered by the dying, but still the organized, relentless outworn theology of another age. They refuse to see that in their stupid lust for power they are endangering all that is good.”    ―    Ben Lindsey
      “Tell me, Nana,If for example we had been a love couple,Would a hug have been enough to wash away my sadness?Or then; does every single being carry this loneliness, like a burden?I wans't intending to monopolizing youI just wanted you to need me.”    ―    Ai Yazawa,    NANA: The Complete Series
      “{The resolution of the surviving members of the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, whom Robert Ingersoll was the commander of, at his funeral quoted here}Robert G. Ingersoll is dead. The brave soldier, the unswerving patriot, the true friend, and the distinguished colonel of the old regiment of which we have the honor to be a remanent, sleeps his last sleep.No word of ours, though written in flame, no chaplet that our hands can weave, no testimony that our personal knowledge can bring, will add anything to his fame.The world honors him as the prince of orators in his generation, as its emancipator from manacles and dogmas; philosophy, for his aid in beating back the ghosts of superstition; and we, in addition to these, for our personal knowledge of him, as a man, a soldier, and a friend.We know him as the general public did not. We knew him in the military camp, where he reigned an uncrowned king, ruling with that bright scepter of human benevolence which death alone could wrest from his hand.We had the honor to obey, as we could, his calm but resolute commands at Shiloh, at Corinth, and at Lexington, knowing as we did, that he would never command a man to go where he would not dare to lead the way.We recognize only a small circle who could know more of his manliness and worth than we do. And to such we say: Look up, if you can, through natural tears; try to be as brave as he was, and try to remember -- in the midst of grief which his greatest wish for life would have been to help you to bear -- that he had no fear of death nor of anything beyond.”    ―    Herman E. Kittredge,    Ingersoll: A Biographical Appreciation
      “He saw her red eyes filled with tears of anger. "Tell me why this rage?" He asked holding her in his arms. "Why do you fence for yourself so much?She sighed and muttered, "Because all I really want is nothing but to be proved wrong.”    ―    Sanhita Baruah
      “Last night, I realized that it is possible for love to die in an instant. It felt sickening to lie with you in the same bed and have your arms wrapped tightly around me. It no longer felt right.”    ―    Christine Celis,    Snippets of Imagery
      “I felt like I was being carried over the threshold of a sisterhood of loss. I knew I was not walking alone, and that eventually I would bob back up to the surface of the deep, because the women around me showed me what healing looks like.”    ―    Anna White,    Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith
      “I walk slowly when I’m being introspective and nostalgic. Some might call it moping. But I don’t. I call it love.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    This Book is Not FOR SALE
      “I find beauty in sadness, and peace... and a mystery waiting to be solved.. the more you unfold the mystery, the more you are mesmerized by the layers of mystery lying underneath.. and solitude becomes the perfect company for sadness..but again, the feeling you get when you realize you're not alone gives you inexplicable happiness.. and there's satisfaction in happiness,, and another mystery which is unknotted yet difficult to penetrate”    ―    Sanhita Baruah
      “{Letter from Debbs to Eva Ingersoll, husband of Robert Ingersoll, just after the news of Robert's death}We were inexpressibly shocked to hear of the sudden death of your dear husband and our best loved friend. Most tenderly do we sympathize with you, and all of yours in your great bereavement... Gifted with the rarest genius, in beautiful alliance with his heroism, his kindness and boundless love, he made the name of Ingersoll immortal.To me, he was an older brother and as I loved him living, so will I cherish his sweet memory forever.”    ―    Eugene V. Debs,    Letters of Eugene V. Debs: 3 Vols
      “Rise or Fall you must not stop doing.”    ―    pavankumar nagaraj
      “Mrs. Allan's face was not the face of the girlbride whom the minister had brought to Avonlea five years before. It had lost some of its bloom and youthful curves, and there were fine, patient lines about eyes and mouth. A tiny grave in that very cemetery accounted for some of them; and some new ones had come during the recent illness, now happily over, of her little son. But Mrs. Allan's dimples were as sweet and sudden as ever, her eyes as clear and bright and true; and what her face lacked of girlish beauty was now more than atoned for in added tenderness and strength.”    ―    L.M. Montgomery,    Anne of Avonlea
      “I want to re-start my life,”    ―    pavankumar nagaraj
      “I was saddened to hear about a death in her family. I’d much rather hear about many deaths in her family. ”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    Sleepwalking is restercise
      “One of the greatest acts of service you can do is to find someone who is secretly lonely and be a friend to them, if only for a day.”    ―    Dan Pearce,    Single Dad Laughing
      “The great pagan sadness of modern man is largely due to his premonition of ultimate disaster.”    ―    Francis Stuart Campbell,    The Menace Of The Herd: Or, Procrustes At Large
      “–We are all dying– she told me. –Even something of the immortal will die–“What?”–Meaning–”    ―    Heather Heffner,    Year of the Tiger
      “What a sad thing I thought-- to live in a world so concerned with the lives of others,we forget to live our own.”    ―    Anonymous
      “You have not wept at all! I see a white cheek and a faded eye, but no trace of tears. I suppose then, your heart has been weeping blood?”    ―    Charlotte Brontë,    Jane Eyre
      “It's psychic. It's the age. It's chemical.”    ―    Margaret Atwood,    Morning in the Burned House
      “Já jsem uctivý a zdvořilý ke každému, ale kdyby lidi věděli, jak těžká mi je tato uctivost a zdvořilost, utíkali by ode mne a prosili by mne, abych jim odpustil, že jejich stín padl na mou cestu.”    ―    Jakub Deml,    Zapomenuté světlo
      “Behind this smile in my faceLies the dark shadow of emptinessHiding from your eyes within my gazeConcealed with sham happiness.”    ―    Alexia Chase
      “And, lying on my bed in some biscuit-colored hotel room in Nice, with a balcony facing the Promenade des Anglais, I watch the clouds reflected on sliding panes and marvel even how my sadness can make me happy . . .”    ―    Donna Tartt,    The Goldfinch
      “Isn’t it sad that so often it takes facing death to appreciate life and each other fully?”    ―    Esther Earl,    This Star Won't Go Out: The Life and Words of Esther Grace Earl  
      “The fact that Ridge has been honest in his conversations with me is not something he did wrong. The fact that he has feelings for me also isn’t wrong, when you know exactly how much he’s fought those feelings. People can’t control matters of the heart, Warren. They can only control their actions, which is exactly what Ridge did. He lost control once for ten seconds, but after that, every single time temptation reared its ugly head, he walked in the other direction. The only thing Ridge has done wrong is fail to delete his messages, because by doing so, he failed to protect Maggie. He failed to protect her from the harsh truth that people don’t get to choose who they fall in love with. They only get to choose who they stay in love with.” I look up at the ceiling and blink back tears. “He was choosing to stay in love with her, Warren. Why can’t she see that? This will kill him so much more than it’s killing her.”    ―    Colleen Hoover,    Maybe Someday
      “Simon," said a voice at his shoulder, and he turned to see Izzy, her face a pale smudge between dark hair and dark cloak, looking at him, her expression half-angry, half-sad. "I guess this is the part where we say goodbye?”    ―    Cassandra Clare,    City of Heavenly Fire
      “Every morning I sit at the kitchen table over a tall glass of water swallowing pills. (So my hands won’t shake.) (So my heart won’t race.) (So my face won’t thaw.) (So my blood won’t mold.) (So the voices won’t scream.) (So I don’t reach for knives.) (So I keep out of the oven.) (So I eat every morsel.) (So the wine goes bitter.) (So I remember the laundry.) (So I remember to call.) (So I remember the name of each pill.) (So I remember the name of each sickness.) (So I keep my hands inside my hands.) (So the city won’t rattle.) (So I don’t weep on the bus.) (So I don’t wander the guardrail.) (So the flashbacks go quiet.) (So the insomnia sleeps.) (So I don’t jump at car horns.) (So I don’t jump at cat-calls.) (So I don’t jump a bridge.) (So I don’t twitch.) (So I don’t riot.) (So I don’t slit a strange man’s throat.)”    ―    Jeanann Verlee
      “There is no loss, if you cannot remember what you have lost.”    ―    Claire North,    The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August
      “I forget, because it’s hard to realize that the same person who gives you so much love, and to whom you give so much in return, can go through the kinds of pain and suffering that nothing you do can alleviate.”    ―    Esther Earl,    This Star Won't Go Out: The Life and Words of Esther Grace Earl
      “You know what sucks about sorry? It's the worst word in the world. Because it always happens after you fuck up something good.”    ―    Brigid Kemmerer,    Secret
      “Eyes so young, so full of pain ... Two lonely drops of winter rain ... And no tear could these eyes sustain ... For too much had they seen.”    ―    Shaun Hick
      “It's sad that in a world of billions, people can still feel isolated and alone.  Sometimes all it takes to brighten up someone's day is a smile or kind word, or the generous actions of a complete stranger.  Small things, the tiny details, these are the things that matter in life — the little glint in the eye, curve of a lip, nod of a head, wave of a hand — such minuscule movements have huge ripple effects.”    ―    Shaun Hick
      “Daily Reminders1) Never compare myself to other people. It is comparing my behind the scenes to their highlight reel.2) Stay here, now. I will not think to far forward or back.3) It's okay to not be fine.4) Taylor need's me so I'm going to take care of myself.”    ―    Taylor Swift
      “Ah, I feel a sadness on me, Dane.  That's how the Irish people say it.  In their language, you can't say, "I am sad," or "I am happy".  They understood what we English have long forgot.  We're not our sadness.  We're not our happiness or our pain but our language hypnotizes us and traps us in little labelled boxes.”    ―    Grant Morrison,    The Invisibles, Vol. 1: Say You Want a Revolution
      “Kvothe looked at Bast for a long moment. “Oh Bast,” he said softly to his student. His smile was gentle and sad. “I know what sort of story I’m telling. This is no comedy.”“This is the end of the story, Bast. We all know that.” Kvothe’s voice was matter-of-fact, as casual as if he were describing yesterday’s weather. “I have led an interesting life, and this reminiscence has a certain sweetness to it. But . . .”Kvothe drew a deep breath and let it out gently. “. . . but this is not a dashing romance. This is no fable where folk come back from the dead. It’s not a rousing epic meant to stir the blood. No.We all know what kind of story this is.”    ―    Patrick Rothfuss,    The Wise Man's Fear
      “The gloaming that closed over us the cemetery had crawled inside his skin.”    ―    Laurie Halse Anderson,    The Impossible Knife of Memory
      “A woman who had fallen out of love with her life”    ―    Jhumpa Lahiri,    Interpreter of Maladies
      “When you go through a breakup, it feels likesomeone died. And the truth is that someone has died – the relationship.”    ―    Osayi Osar-Emokpae,    Because You Deserve Love
      “if it was time that made me lost what we were, then i hate time...”    ―    Maira Zafred Marinho Mesel
      “Or is it the case that no one gets over anything?  Is there really that much pain and suffering continuing right now at this minute, in millions of hearts, in bodies carrying on the burden of existence, trying to smile through tears for fleeting, passing moments here and there-when they can forget what happened to them, maybe even for whole hours at a time? Maybe that's what it is to live.”    ―    Koethi Zan,    The Never List
      “Pity, I've learned, is like a fart. You can tolerate your own, but you simply can't stand anyone else's.”    ―    Jonathan Tropper,    How to Talk to a Widower
      “Y hay que ver, esos libros sobre el duelo son unamierda, todos iguales, una porquería total al cien por cien.”    ―    Jandy Nelson,    The Sky is Everywhere
      “But I am bound upon a wheel of fire, that mine own tears do scald like moulten lead.”    ―    William Shakespeare,    King Lear
      “Guy’s don't usually cry, but when they do, nobody can realize that what they have been going through.”    ―    kamal parvez
      “Here’s a towel to dry your tears. I just wiped my ass with it.”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    If you bring the booze and food, I'll bring the thirst and hunger
      “Like Mom, Zoe thought–like Mom used to. And that’s where they differed, for Zoe wrote quiet poetry suffused with twilight and questions. It’s not even good poetry, she thought. I don’t have talent, it’s her. I should be the one ill; she has so much to offer, so much life. “You’re a dark one,” her mother said sometimes with amused wonder. “You’re a mystery.”    ―    Annette Curtis Klause,    The Silver Kiss
      “sometime am feeling proud to have ma loneliness but, sometime am so feeling lonely.”    ―    kamal parvez
      “…He sounded as though he had just seen The Pokey Little Puppy meet the business end of The Little Engine That Could.”    ―    Thomm Quackenbush,    We Shadows
      “Everyone was trying to forget something, but they could never seem to find the way to do it. All they ever seemed to do was make it worse. Such quiet madness, the masses led.”    ―    Chris Galford,    The Hollow March
      “My Serinity,Thee, my serenity, one can not bear, Seeing thee befuddled, bereaved,Dimmed like the midnight, secluded, darkened,Thee, my serenity,A window to my eyes, A window to laughter, and peace of mind,Thee, my serenity, one can not bear,Seeing thee wail, whine, cry,Like a gloomy, mourning brume,Thee, my serenity,Soared through fervor and delight,To the crown of heavens, the Almighty Myth,One can not bear, Seeing thee prostrate, razed, demure,Upon the dimmed streets, crawling, for a sight of the lune,Thee, my birdy in love, What befall to thy song, The very chant of my life, Cut short, stopped, along with all I gasp,Thee, my serenity, one can not bear,Seeing thee, caged in thy own night, Encumbered, through thy own heart,Lean on my shoulders now,My beautiful, wonderful Lily,That thee shall not fear, the sorrow of,Of being lonely, apart, not having a peer,As I promise, to my most dear,The girl to my heart, always near,Come what may, don’t age a year,That I will be, forever here,”    ―    Hamidreza Bagheri
      “The act was an exorcism of relief for Florentino Ariza, for when he put the violin back into its case and walked down the dead streets without looking back, he no longer felt that he was leaving the next morning but that he had gone away many years before with the irrevocable determination never to return.”    ―    Gabriel Garcí­a Márquez,    Love in the Time of Cholera
      “At that moment, sitting on that park bench, The Writer was overcome by an indefinable sadness not completely ascribable to the state in which The Mother was now, nor the desperation of his decades-long creative crisis, a sadness so strong he could have peddle it to all the enthusiasts in the world and turned them into depressives, and would still have some left over. Because he no longer knew what to do with so much sadness. And sometimes he didn't even know what to do with himself.”    ―    Filippo Bologna,    The Parrots
      “A lacerare e lacerarsi ci vuole un attimo.La pelle tira, leggermente arrossata dai cerotti. Mi accarezzo e affiora un sorriso. Calore. Pace interna o una cosa simile. Mettere le cose al proprio posto. Le ferite che cicatrizzano sotto bendaggi maldestri tradiscono sempre. E allora, non guardatemi, vi prego non guardatemi, vi scongiuro non guardatemi.Non sono cose adatte a chi può respirare forte in un giorno di sole.”    ―    Valentina Di Martino
      “there’s nothing todiscussthere’s nothing torememberthere’s nothing toforgetit’s sadand it’s notsadseems themost sensiblethinga person can doissitwith drink inhandas the wallswavetheir goodbyesmilesone comes throughit allwith a certain amount ofefficiency andbraverythenleavessome acceptthe possibility ofGodto help themgetthroughotherstake itstaight onand to theseI drink tonight.”    ―    Charles Bukowski,    You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense  
      “It is a horrible, terrible thing, the worst thing, to watch somebody you love die right in front of you and not be able to do nothing about it.”    ―    Kate DiCamillo,    The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane
      “Im gonna be a pretender the rest of my life. Pretending i dont wish every girl i kiss isnt you. Pretending i dont wish every girl i sleep with isnt you. Im gonna have to pretend i dont wish my next relationship wont be with you. Pretend that i dont wish the girl i get engaged to isnt you. Pretend i dont wish the girl i marry isnt you.  Pretend i dont wish the mother of my kids to be you. Pretend its not you i want to spend the rest of my life with. Everything will be a lie the rest of my life. Thats so hard to accept.”    ―    Michael A. Perez
      “it is so dark now with the sadness ofpeoplethey were tricked, they were taught to expect theultimate when nothing ispromisednow young girls weep alone in small roomsold men angrily swing their canes atvisions asladies comb their hair asants search for survivalhistory surrounds usand our livesslink awayinshame.”    ―    Charles Bukowski,    You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense
      “I felt bad for trying to live a happy, full life, while my heart was buried in a dead man’s chest.”    ―    Kristen Hope Mazzola,    Crashing Back Down
      “but sing no more this bitter tale that wears my heart away”    ―    Homer,    The Odyssey
      “I don’t know why we take our worst moods so much more seriously than our best, crediting depression with more clarity than euphoria. We dismiss peak moments and passionate love affairs as an ephemeral chemical buzz, just endorphins or hormones, but accept those 3 A.M. bouts of despair as unsentimental insights into the truth about our lives.”    ―    Tim Kreider,    We Learn Nothing
      “Now, standing here, it is clear as day: more than anything else, you want to find words for what you feel and think and everything that is dark. And then this terrifying thought hits you: Yes, your father wrote poetry to find a language for his wounds. Yes, you in your own way have become your father.”    ―    Bilal Tanweer,    The Scatter Here is too Great
      “I have emotions that are like newspapers that read themselves.I go for days at a time trapped in the want ads.I feel as if I am an ad for the sale of a haunted house:18 rooms $37,000 I'm yours ghosts and all.”    ―    Richard Brautigan,    Revenge of the Lawn
      “My Shyness Is Often Mistaken As My Rudeness”    ―    M
      “I tried to blink back the tears that just kept coming. Eventually, I gave up and let my sight be obscured.”    ―    Maya Bode,    Tess Embers
      “Sobs force their way out of my throat. I feel like I’m trapped in a disaster movie where everything is shriveling into darkness and ash. Sunflowers are being uprooted. Puppies are being trampled. Whole cities are crumbling to dust.”    ―    Paula Stokes,    The Art of Lainey
      “This will be a winter so desolate, only memory can fill the emptiness”    ―    John Geddes
      “I have a horrid scar right under my left knee from you. Well, the absence of you. Seems appropriate. But I still miss you. My pillowcase smells like you, so I bury my face in it and breathe it in. Things feel empty. My couch, my living room, my heart. I see pictures of things. Silly things, beautiful things, and I want to share them with you. But alas, I cannot, I do not, I press the red button when you call.”    ―    Elizabeth Brooks
      “Have you ever known DEATH? Its creatures crawl amidst the lost soul you live wondering if ever they will survive off the bloodthirsty desires of your midnight screams. Shuuush. Can you hear the voices in your head? I listen as I hear them calling you. I sneak a peak up the stairs with just a mere candle gently lit @ the far off end to the hallway … are you there? I hear foot prints … perhaps the logs making witches cackling is all it is? There is no comfort to the lost. No settling to the fire ignited through their veins. Have you not rejoiced in the victory from your burning haunts? Sadness prevails and I loathe sadness. It eats at your bones like a sick little parasite. Stop the madness I plead. Cut its very existence out like the heart of a filthy swine. DEATH be to this demon madness.  DEATH I say.  Sleep sweetly for the addiction to aliveness comforts your weakened brokenness. [the torturous journey one plays in the outside lines of addiction … as if experienced in the type of rock thrown down for it’s victory. HOP SCOTCH. have we erased the sidewalk chalk?]”    ―    MA - Moon Angell
      “ALWAYSAre you always sad? someone asked.(Always is such a long, long time.)I couldn’t say. But.If sadness was a sea, I’d drown in it.(Salty and warm, sadness is.)(Cold, too. Sometimes.)And I happen to love the sea.”    ―    Lydiane Augustinus
      “How long would it take for her sadness to ease? How long must she wait to forget a man who would've been her ideal, were he not who he was? The answer: too long. But wait she must.”    ―    Miranda Davis,    The Duke's Tattoo
      “I feel I've lost every part of me...there's nothing left but the parts I've given to you. I need you to hold those pieces together. Please don't forget who I was...then...then there really will be nothing left.”    ―    Cassandra Giovanni,    Faded Perfection
      “It was more than physical attraction; it was the broken thing inside him she loved most of all, the unreachable place where he kept his sadness. Because that was the thing about Peter Jaxon that nobody knew but her, because she loved him like she did: how terribly sad he was. And not just in the day-to-day, the ordinary sadness everyone carried for the things and people they had lost; his was something more. If she could find this sadness, Sara believed, and take it from him, then he would love her in return.”    ―    Justin Cronin,    The Passage
      “What can you do when you're condemned to a place where every choice seems wrong - even the one you promised your lover you'd make?”    ―    Nicholas Sparks,    The Choice
      “I don't want to cry for Edward- at least not in the deep, personal way that you cry for a friend or loved one. I want to cry because something terrible happened, and I saw it, and I could not see a way to mend it.”    ―    Veronica Roth,    Divergent
      “Desdemona, mourning her parents, was still imprisoned by the past. And so she stood on the mountain, looking down at the emancipated city, and felt cheated by her ability to feel happy by everybody else.”    ―    Jeffrey Eugenides,    Middlesex
      “I was starting to learn how to forget the things that made me sad.  It was like a charm you followed step-by-step, collecting and blending the ingredients, placing everything in its proper place.  It was the magic of forgetting.”    ―    Francesca Lia Block,    Pink Smog
      “my soul has shadows – nooks and crannies where griefs, like cobwebs, collect”    ―    John Geddes
      “Persistent smile brings out hollow dimples, and persistent frowns brings out hollow wrinkles.”    ―    Michael Bassey Johnson
      “Mrs. Norris had been talking to her the whole way from Northampton of her wonderful good fortune, and the extraordinary degree of gratitude and good behaviour which it ought to produce, and her consciousness of misery was therefore increased by the idea of its being a wicked thing for her not to be happy.”    ―    Jane Austen,    Mansfield Park
      “Words used to be all I had. Now even they have deserted me.”    ―    Trishna B. made it up myself
      “Death is the greatest goal of anyone. It is something no other living human can achieve”    ―    Davis Carlson
      “Elle avait fini par se résoudre à sauter du véhicule quand une énorme explosion retentit au loin [...]. Le bruit secoua le carrosse qui continuait de s’éloigner, réveillant Elena qui jusque-là dormait profondément. [...] Ses yeux s’emplirent de larmes avant qu’elle-même ne se mette à crier, leurs voix résonnant en écho dans le désert de dunes.”    ―    Iman Eyitayo,    Le visage de l'ombre
      “Life is a cycle of sadness and joy , Best decision is stop at the point of Happiness .”    ―    Arash Pakravesh,    Love Story - داستان عشق
      “I deleted your number. Although I know the tired digits by heart, scout's honor, pinky promise.I am trying to talk myself out of every emotion I'm having, and of course, it is failing to a fault.I'm still sad, I'm still mad, I'm still heartbroken, I miss you.”    ―    Elizabeth Brooks
      “And empty words are evil.”    ―    Homer,    The Odyssey  
      “Why do women waste their time trying to convince their insecure family members and girlfriends that they are beautiful? Self esteem is not a beauty cream that you can rub all over them and see instant results. Instead, convince them they are not stupid. Every intelligent woman knows outward beauty is a nip, tuck, chemical peel or diet away. If you don't like it, fix it.”    ―    Shannon L. Alder
      “But, Scarlett, did it ever occur to you that even the most deathless love could wear out?”    ―    Margaret Mitchell,    Gone with the Wind
      “This time around I was so lonely that I was forced to be face to face with myself. Realizing at the end of the day I only have me and I didn't seem to like my own company. I decided to I had to make myself into someone I can live with.”    ―    kandi dougherty
      “Life when one first arrives is a continual mortification as one's romantic illusions are successively shattered and the musical treasure-house of one's imagination crumbles before the hopelessness of the reality. Every day fresh experiences bring fresh disappointments.”    ―    Hector Berlioz,    The Memoirs
      “But most of all, I'll remember how she loved me. I turn away, knowing that I might never get to see Julie Murphy again. But I will know her for the rest of my life.”    ―    Lynda Mullaly Hunt,    One for the Murphys
      “hide your feelings, hide you thoughts, hide your self from the world but dont hide you from you cause  only you know where you stand & the world's knows nothing”    ―    Shujoy Chowdhury
      “If you ate nails, your stomach would hurt, and it’s a good thing that it would. Eating nails is deadly, thus the pain is helpful. Like this, sadness, anger, and anxiety are not to be feared or shamed, but listened to and decoded.”    ―    Vironika Tugaleva,    The Love Mindset
      “It's sad how people change from the best to the beast.”    ―    Geneva Caballero Uy
      “In our lives we know joy, anger, sorrow, and a hundred other emotions, but these emotions altogether occupy a bare one per cent of our time. The remaining ninety-nine per cent is just living in waiting.”    ―    Osamu Dazai,    The Setting Sun
      “To distort our faces with joy, or wail and weep with sorrow, or collapse in agony, or wallow in sentimentality – wasn’t an inviolable human trait but something we can lose simply by leading dull and dreary lives. ‘A rich emotional life,’ she’d written, ‘is a privilege reserved only for the daring few’.”    ―    Ryū Murakami,    Audition
      “I am afraid because I can so clearly foresee my own life rotting away of itself, like a leaf that rots without falling, while I pursue my round of existence from day to day.”    ―    Osamu Dazai,    The Setting Sun
      “who journeyed to Denver, who died in Denver, who came back to Denver & waited in vain, who watched over Denver & brooded and loned in Denver and finally went away to find out the Time, & now Denver is lonesome for her heroes,”    ―    Allen Ginsberg,    Howl and Other Poems
      “Caleb,' I say. 'I love you.”    ―    Veronica Roth
      “Things are not as they seem. You do not understand. There is no escape. This is all there is.” I had never seen eyes filled with so much sadness.”    ―    A.B. Shepherd,    The Beacon
      “You want to know what the saddest part is Tess?” I said, sounding choked up.“What’s that Josh?”I felt my heart constricting as the brutal truth flowed from my lips. “You say she’s mine...but honestly, I don’t think she was ever mine to begin with.”    ―    Angela Richardson,    All the Pieces
      “At least the tears on my desk wipe away the dust that's covered this place”    ―    Andrew Boddie
      “I feel sad for the people who I hear always plan, plan, plan the next day's event to occur. Life only stands still for them.”    ―    Ingrid Nkenlifack
      “She brushed the tears from their faces and sang them a melancholy lullaby. Her obvious devotion to her daughters pulled at my heart strings, making my chest ache with longing for my own mother.”    ―    A.B. Shepherd,    The Beacon
      “At times everything grows misty and dark before my eyes, and I feel that the strength of my whole body is oozing away through my finger tips.”    ―    Osamu Dazai,    The Setting Sun
      “The sadness is in my heart,The hapiness in my brain,That's why I always think,cause even inside of it,I search where it could be...”    ―    Louis-Philippe Bossé
      “His work was so great that it cannot be compassed in a few words. His death is one of the greatest losses ever to occur to British science.{Describing Ernest Rutherford upon his death at age 66. Thomson, then 80 years old, was once his teacher.}”    ―    J.J. Thomson
      “I don’t have tears running down my cheeks. Those are egg yokes, and yes, it means I’m in love. ”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    Love quotes for the ages. And the ageless sages.
      “Just like the devil is against God. I think the so called love is against success. Tryna slow people's lives.”    ―    Cyc Jouzy
      “Though his death would not fill me with any sense of sadness, I would probably feel the loss. Even enemies are part of one.”    ―    Jasper Fforde,    The Woman Who Died a Lot
      “لحظات السعادة حقاًلا تقدر بثمن ولكن أتسائل دائماً لماذا هى أقصر من عُمر الإنسان ،فالسعادة لا تسكن فى قلبٌ واحد  وإنما هى متقلبةٌ بين الناس وليس لنا القدرةفى شرائها فإنما هى التى تختار من تزور قلبه لبعض الوقت  فالدنيا إنما هى خردلةٌ بالنسبة إلينا ,فلا تسعى ورائها إتركها بهمومها وأفراحها فتعود إليك كرجلٌ فقير يحتاج إلى عطفك ,الأعمار قصيرة جداً فلا تملئها حزناً فتندم على  هدر الأيام ,ابتسم وتفائل من أجل نفسك إن لم يكن من أجل غيرك ،فربما ابتسامة تحى قلبوب وربما حزنٌ يميت قلبوب أخرى،ودع كل شيئ على الخاق إذ هو يدبر أمرك من حيث لا تدرى أنت ولا تعلم ،ولا تعقد الأمور وتغلق الأبواب وتُقطع الأرحام ، ولا تكن ككاظم  الغيظ فتوكل على ربُك. يُبدلك خيراً مما أنت فيه إذهو القادر على كل شيئ”    ―    omar.eldeeb
      “Thomas had never seen anything like her in his life, and he knew, with a beautiful sort of sadness, that he never would again.”    ―    Chris Nicolaisen,    The Life and Death of the Ericsons
      “Not until we are faced with a crisis or sadness do we begin to remember that if we only laughed a bit more, loved a lot more, and felt the simplicity of loving ourselves-just a little more…this day would be the greatest day ever!”    ―    Lee Pryke
      “The digging continues ... Ground Zero it looks more and more like a construction site.  Too much of the horror is gone. No fire. No smoke ... What was war becomes peace, becomes peaceful. But in the coil of my testicles there's an angry residue and in places I can't even name, places inside my throat and behind my chest, I'm sad, and sometimes worse than sad, less than sad, a cavity of empty.”    ―    Adam Berlin,    The Number of Missing
      “Must’ve been hard on your mom,” Frank said. “I guess we’ll do anything for someone we love.”Hazel squeezed his hand appreciatively. Nico stared at the cobblestones. “Yeah,” he said bitterly. “I guess we will.”    ―    Rick Riordan,    The House of Hades  
      “Life is like butter - when things cool down it can be reshaped”    ―    Alan Sheinwald,    Alan Sheinwald is Building a Perfect Home
      “Sometimes, when we are sad, we have to do the opposite of sad. Sometimes we have to sing.”    ―    Daisy Whitney
      “You meet someone who changes your world and when they leave you’re left as a stranger in the world. You don’t even know yourself. - Keaira”    ―    Angela Rae Harris,    Stolen Time
      “Don't stop yourself from greatness before you've begun from fear or from self-doubt. You were put here on this planet to do great things, to pioneer change by way of your own personal uniqueness, and to express yourself and share your happiness with others.”    ―    Kaiden Blake
      “I'm strong because I know my weaknesses. I'm wise because I've been foolish. I laugh because I've known sadness.”    ―    Ziad K. Abdelnour,    Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics
      “We have an obligation to feel guilty." The words came out of her lips as if she were reciting an elegy. "Guilty. Because we kill the ones we love.”    ―    Cristiane Serruya,    Trust: A New Beginning
      “Don't cry. She wouldn't like it. When I missed my father, I used to cry. Mama taught me when I cry, he is sad and will cry, too. I don't want my daddy sad. I'm sure you don't want your daughter sad, too.”    ―    Cristiane Serruya,    Trust: A New Beginning
      “Because we have loved profoundly,Because we have given much, Because we have hoped passionately,Because we have desired intensely, We allow ourselves to be infinitely hurt.”    ―    Jess
      “When my grandpa died, I had this same fear. I love Grandpa so much. He was Mom's dad, and he was my favorite person in the whole world. He lived up north, between Grayling and the Mackinaw Bridge. He had, like, twenty acres. He had horses and dirt bike and all this awesome stuff. I'd go up there for weeks at a time during the summers, and he'd let me do whatever I wanted. We'd go hunting and fishing and four-wheeling, and I'd stay up till midnight every night. Then one day, he died. All of a sudden, just like that that. I cried for days. Dad kicked the shit out of me for crying, but I didn't care. I loved Grandpa, and he was gone. Then, like a month after he'd died, I had this panic attack. I couldn't remember what he looked like. I thought it meant I didn't love him, or that I'd forgotten about him. It was the only time Dad was anything like helpful. He told me you have to forget what they look like. Otherwise, you can't learn to live without them. Forgetting is your brain's way of telling you it's time to try and move on. Not forget who they were, just...keep living.”    ―    Jasinda Wilder,    Falling into Us
      “I sometimes wish I could spontaneously combust. Burn until nothing but ash is left, to be washed away by the wind and the rain.”    ―    A.B. Shepherd
      “Even if times are tough and you're enduring a terrible heartache, it's important to focus your anger on a vibrator, not another person.”    ―    Chelsea Handler,    My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands
      “Life is but a momentary glimpse of the wonder of this astounding universe, and it is sad to see so many dreaming it away on spiritual fantasy.”    ―    Carl Sagan
      “She had quickly learned that to show unhappiness was to risk the loss of love.”    ―    P.D. James,    An Unsuitable Job for a Woman
      “كنت حزيناً الى الحد الذي تساوت لدي جميع الاشياء: ان أموت هنا أو في أي مكان آخر, أن أبقي أو أن أغادر”    ―    عبد الرحمن منيف,    الآن هنا.. أو شرق المتوسط مرة أخرى
      “Always remember, child... that to think bad thoughts is really the easiest thing in the world. If you leave your mind to itself it will spiral you down into ever increasing unhappiness. To think good thoughts, however, requires effort. This is one onf the things that discipline - training - is about.”    ―    James Clavell,    Shōgun
      “At the top of the page I wrote my full name [...] At the sight of it, many thoughts rushed through me, but I could write down only this: "I wish I could love someone so much that I would die from it." And then as I looked at this sentence a great deal of shame came over me and I wept and wept so much that the tears fell on the page and caused all the words to become one great big blur.”    ―    Jamaica Kincaid
      “the path is lost, and I’ve become part of the wreckage − another meaningless casualty.”    ―    Ky Grabowski,    2013: A Stellar Collection
      “That the world I was in could be soft, lovely, and nourishing was more than I could bear, and so I stood there and wept, for I didn't want to love one more thing that could make my heart break into a million little pieces at my feet.”    ―    Jamaica Kincaid,    Lucy
      “I have sometimes thought that I have been burdened with a pack of ten misfortunes, any one of which if borne by my neighbor would be enough to make a murderer out of him.”    ―    Osamu Dazai,    No Longer Human
      “Indeed, grief is not the clear melancholy the young believe it. It is like a siege in a tropical city. The skin dries and the throat parches as though one were living in the heat of the desert; water and wine taste warm in the mouth, and food is of the substance of the sand; one snarls at one's company; thoughts prick one through sleep like mosquitoes.”    ―    Rebecca West,    The Return of the Soldier
      “This life is ironic: for it takes pain to discover pleasure; it takes sadness to know happiness; it takes war to value peace; and it takes hatred to treasure love.[Culled from: "Amara & The Strange Elderly Woman"]”    ―    Emmanuel Aghado
      “There are words and accents by which this grief can be assuaged, and the disease in a great measure removed.”    ―    Horace
      “It's paramount we take ownership of our lives. Sadness is greatly due to our having sacrificed ourselves over to a power outside of ourselves. We need to be proactive in creating positive thoughts and actions that will align ourselves with where we want to be and what we want to feel in life.”    ―    Kaiden Blake
      “Though we are emotional beings, we are not our emotions. Remember this the next time you find yourself struggling.”    ―    Kaiden Blake
      “In a daydream I used to have, all these places were points of happiness to me; all these places were lifeboats to my small drowning soul, for I would imagine myself entering and leaving them, and just that - entering and leaving over and over again - would see me through a bad feeling I did not have a name for. I only knew it felt a little like sadness but heavier than that.”    ―    Jamaica Kincaid,    Lucy
      “A Relationship Should Come With An ENTER AT YOUR OWN RISK Sign.”    ―    Cyc Jouzy
      “Years later I saw a film - poignantly sad, and for me unbearably so - about a scientist who had invented a kind of total sense recorder, not just video but audio and smellio and touchio and the rest, which he set to play every afternoon in a given place a given time, for as long as the mechanism lasted. The scene he projected was that of a dozen or so young couples dancing on a terrace in the same holiday house, on the same island, where the recorder itself was kept. Then this young man comes across it while it is playing and at first is convinced he is watching a real occurrence: he sees this beautiful girl, in her slinky 1930s outfit, dancing and laughing and chattering with her friends, and he falls in love with her on the spot. Second day, same time around, he comes to the island at a slightly different time so he sees a slightly different excerpt, and still doesn't twig and falls deeper in love. And so on and so forth for various days until he happens on a duplicate bit and realises something is wrong. But by then, of course, he is irretrievably hooked. So what does he do? He digs out the machine, fiddles with its insides until he has grasped its workings, and then sets it up in recording mode and records himself into the scene in a desperate last-ditch attempt to join the dancers. Which works, and there he stays: trapped there amongst them in a virtual dimension, forever young, forever re-enacting the same little loop of life, over and over.”    ―    A.P.,    Sabine
      “Happiness is always replacing by loneliness.even you do everything to be Happy but there are so many people around that some of them will cheer you and some of them makes you dawn.”    ―    O.v Grace
      “I stood and looked at the large framed painting of the Pierrot clown that hung on her wall and sympathised with the tears that rolled down its cheek. Like the clown, I felt contained within a frame, the only difference being my tears were not for public show.”    ―    Eileen Munroe
      “List of Artists Who Created Fantasy Worlds to Try and Cure Bouts of Sadness1. Italo Calvino2. Gabriel Garcia Marquez3. Jim Henson and Jorge Luis Borges - Labyrinths4. The creator of MySpace5. Richard Brautigan6. J.K. Rowling7. The inventor of the children's toy Lite-Brite8. Ann Sexton9. David Foster Wallace10. Gaugin and the Caribbean11. Charles Schulz12. Liam Rector”    ―    Shane Jones,    Light Boxes  
      “There comes a day in life, when you have said all that you ever wanted to say to someone. But that someone is still waiting. Waiting for words to come out. And that’s when you know there is nothing much left. It is time to say goodbye.”    ―    Anushka Bhartiya
      “People says it gets easier. People are stupid."-Vlad”    ―    Heather Brewer,    Ninth Grade Slays
      “And sometimes you realize the value of the rain by knowing how unreliable and vanishing the rainbow is.”    ―    Nur Bedeir
      “For man never reasons so much and becomes so introspective as when he suffers ; since he is anxious to get at the cause of his sufferings, to learn who has produced them, and whether it is just or unjust that he should have to bear them. On the other hand, when he is happy, he takes his happiness as it comes and doesn't analyse it, just as if happiness were his right.”    ―    Luigi Pirandello,    Six Characters in Search of an Author
      “Ricky just listens. He isn't shocked. He isn't surprised. He listens to me because he knows. He knows the shame and the guilt and the sorrow and the rage. And he does not judge me. He just listens.”    ―    Emily Andrews,    The Finer Points of Becoming Machine
      “A breeze stirred Dovewing's pelt, as is someone had walked past. She lifted her head an saw two figures standing just beyond her Clanmates. One was a badger with a narrow, striped face, the other a grotesque, hairless cat who's blind, bulging eyes saw nothing but everything. They met her gaze and nodded, just once. "Thank you." Dovewing heard, quieter then a sigh.  "There will be three, kin of your kin, who will hold the power of the stars in their paws. They will find a fourth, and the battle between light and dark will be won. A new leader will rise fro the shadows. This s how it always has been, and always will be."-Rock and Midnight, The Last Hope”    ―    Erin Hunter
      “Most days I live awed by the world we have still, rather than mourning the worlds we have lost. The bandit mask of a cedar waxwing on a bare branch a few feet away; the clear bright sun of a frozen winter noon; the rise of Orion in the eastern evening sky-every day, every night, I give thanks for another chance to notice. I see beauty everywhere; so much beauty I often speak it aloud.  So much beauty I often laugh, and my day is made.Still if you wanted to, I think, you could feel sadness without end.  I’m not even talking about hungry children or domestic violence or endless wars between supposedly grown men…but ‘you mustn’t be frightened if a sadness rises in front of you, larger than any you even seen,' said Rilke, 'you must realize that something is happening to you, that life has not forgotten you, that it holds you in it hand and will not let you fall.”    ―    Paul Bogard,    The End of Night: Searching for Natural Darkness in an Age of Artificial Light
      “It's not a crime to feel sad, down or depressed. Moving through difficult feelings is an essential part of living life authentically. Though society would have us believe that when we are sad, we need to smack a silly smile on our face and pretend everything is okay. Problems arise when we repress, deny or bury these feelings. We need to know when it's time to seek help and support, to avoid becoming overwhelmed by these types of emotion. Life is a bittersweet symphony, we need to hear every instrument and listen to every note.”    ―    Jaeda DeWalt
      “My soul is melting in sadness but I still keep smiling for you.”    ―    M.F. Moonzajer,    A moment with God ; Poetry
      “Because I want to know if I'm allowed to kiss your tears away. Because I want to be able to hold your hand. Because I like you.”    ―    J.B. McGee,    Skipping Stones
      “The world was alive, the sky descending; our times were lullabies and sad goodbyes.”    ―    Nicholaus Patnaude,    First Aide Medicine
      “I was sprawled out in my usual position on the couch, half asleep but entirely drunk, torturing myself by tearing memories out of my mind at random like matches from a book, striking them one at a time and drowsily setting myself on fire.”    ―    Jonathan Tropper,    How to Talk to a Widower
      “In the end I didn't know who I was crying for, but it was something my body wanted to do, as though trying to digest grief.”    ―    Simon Van Booy,    The Illusion of Separateness
      “The sense that everything is going wrong has existed in every era, and rightly so since men have found no greater pleasure than in inventing new ways to make each other miserable.”    ―    Emil Cioran
      “My ghost is the only soul who ever comes to cry on my grave... Only the skies cried sincerely on my funeral.”    ―    Simona Panova,    Nightmarish Sacrifice
      “Living is like being chained at the bottom of a shallow pond with my eyes open and no air. I can see distorted images of happiness and light, even hear muffled laughter, but everything is out of my reach as I lie in suffocating agony. If death is the opposite of living, then I hope death is like floating.”    ―    Katie McGarry,    Dare You To
      “Life is a process of changes; happy and sad.Life is beautiful; and Life is happiness”    ―    Ellen J. Barrier
      “She got on a plane to see a client in California and somewhere over Colorado, the pilot somehow missed the sky.”    ―    Jonathan Tropper,    How to Talk to a Widower
      “Dare I tell them that since I came here to danceI have been giving pieces of my body awayTo ridiculous diets,To repeated injuries,To Remington?And that maybeI thinkWith each bit of my bodyI lose a little piece of my soul”    ―    Stasia Ward Kehoe,    Audition
      “Why are doors more difficult to openas if some sadness were leaning against them?Why do windows darken and trees bendwhen there is no wind? You call that occasionalroar the roar of a plane and I imaginea time when I might have believed that. But now the darkness has been going onfor too long, and I have accustomed myselfto the pleasure of thinking that soonthere will be no reason to hold on in this placewhere rocks are like water and it’s so difficultto find something solid to hold on to.”    ―    Stephen Dobyns,    Velocities: New and Selected Poems, 1966-1992
      “Is that what makes me sad? The eagerness and belief that filled me then and exacted a pledge from life that life could never fulfill?”    ―    Bernhard Schlink,    The Reader
      “Birds shouldn't be able to find tearsThey are the definition of freedom”    ―    Maddy Kobar,    The Songs of The Gullible Wiseman: The Early Poems of Maddy Kobar, 2008-2013
      “When blackened night falls, darkness exists if one chooses to rely on sight as thy only guide.”    ―    Truth Devour,    Wantin
      “Soundless echoes - no voice,Sadness doth keep thee at bay,Stagnation rises as ebb & flow,Nothing alters,Unless you choose to break away.”    ―    Truth Devour,    Wantin
      “ reality sucks, that's probably why we dream. Why our bodies need sleep. So we can escape. Escape this earth, at least just for a little while. Everynight, we get to go away. Sleep is the only time I feel safe. The only time I can leave this place. This reality that feels like needles sticking into my flesh. This hell that is so hot it makes my hair sweat. Makes mymind melt. In my sleep I hear music, I see faces, songs and smiles and dad hugging me tight. Never letting me go. Telling me to be strong. Telling me not to give up hope. Sometimes I wake up crying. Sometimes I wish I didn't wake up at all" - jamie adoff”    ―    Jamie Adoff
      “I want my life back.-Dear Blue Sky”    ―    Mary Sullivan Dear Blue Sky
      “In viaggio verso Bologna ho pensato a chi diceva di sentire il tempo come un enorme dolore. E ho visto, seduti accanto a me, donne e uomini di malaffari che andavano a guadagnarsi il pane vendendo un po’ di se stessi. Su tutta la carrozza non c’era un posto libero. Eppure il treno sembrava deserto.”    ―    Teresio Vola,    Inutili omicidi
      “Moving the body resolves nothing- sadness, after all travels in the mind.”    ―    Shahrukh Husain,    A Restless Wind
      “Il tempo addolcisce i ricordi più amari, hanno detto in tanti. Io continuo ad essere convinto che non stessero ascoltando Sad eyed lady of the lowlands.”    ―    Teresio Vola,    Inutili omicidi
      “If there is a particular person in your life that is repeatedly choosing not to honor you and is causing you more sadness or pain than they are joy - it might be time to release that friendship back to God and trust that it is not where you belong.”    ―    Mandy Hale,    The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass  
      “True strength is knowing that you don't have to be strong every single second of the day.”    ―    Mandy Hale,    The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass
      “You can’t truly heal from a loss until you allow yourself to really FEEL the loss.”    ―    Mandy Hale,    The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass
      “Figure out what makes you laugh, and do more of it. Figure out what makes you cry, and do less of it.”    ―    Mandy Hale,    The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass
      “I didn't know someone could cry that much, I thought the tears would run out. They don't.”    ―    Sara Quin
      “روعة الحياة في العشقو لعنة العشق الإدمانفإن غاب أحد الحبيبينتوقف قلب الأخر عن الخفقانفمهما تراسلوا أو تحدثوافالقرب وحده لهما الأمانقلوباً في الشتات تتألمو أشجان تصيب بالهذيانحزن مستمر بلا مسكناتلا منه هروب أو نسيان”    ―    شروق إلهامي
      “Longing, whether for a passion or person, is one of the most powerful, yet painful, emotions there is. It can drive you to its source under the most extreme conditions, or it can cripple you from obtaining your dreams. When it comes to the pull you feel, always go after it, if not, it'll eat you alive.”    ―    Jennifer Salaiz
      “There comes a time when something changes you... No matter the impact... Where the world no longer beats in time with you. You no longer feel amongst the fray.. And the feeling of loneliness is a brandished armor you wear the rest of your life.”    ―    Solange nicole
      “Women think that they can make sad things go away by knowing the reason that they happened.”    ―    Johanna Skibsrud,    The Sentimentalists
      “He felt the guilt of inaction, of simply waiting while his life went to waste. No one was worth the gift of his life, no one could possibly be worth that. It belonged to him alone, and he did not deserve it either, because he was letting it waste. It was getting away from him and he made no effort to stop it. He did not know how.”    ―    Leonard Gardner,    Fat City
      “And maybe I’m a liar and I do need it, because being kissed by Josh Bennett is kind of like being saved. It’s a promise and a memory of the future and a book of better stories.When he stops, I’m still here, and he’s still looking at me like he can’t believe I am, and I want to keep that look forever.“Emilia,” he says, and when he does, it warms me to my soul. “Every day you save me.”    ―    Katja Millay,    The Sea of Tranquility
      “There was no waking from this nightmare, no comforting whisper in the dark that he was safe really, that it was all in his imagination; the last and greatest of his protectors had died, and he was more alone than he had ever been.”    ―    J.K. Rowling,    Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
      “The silence broke:"Sometimes I liked it", I said "Sometimes I liked it that she was dead.""You mean it felt good?""No. I don't know. It felt ... pure.”    ―    John Green,    Looking for Alaska
      “The tears coursed down her cheeks- not freely, however, for when they came into contact with her heavily beaded eyelashes they assumed an inky color, and pursued the rest of their way in slow black rivulets.”    ―    F. Scott Fitzgerald,    The Great Gatsby
      “Some people's glasses are half full. I'm the one drinking them. Some people have forgotten that Pluto is still a planet. I still remember my childhood. Some people are vegans. I have common sense.Some people call me Maurice. Some people call me the Gangsta of Love. Some people just want to live...but me, I'm the one still alive.”    ―    Dave Matthes,    Sleepeth Not, the Bastard
      “One weekend it rained for 48 hours without stopping. The rain beat like bony fingers against the window panes. Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. Fungus was growing on the walls. I polished off a bottle of gin sitting huddled over the two-bar electric fire and wrote a poem, one of the few that has lasted through the moves and the years. It is called 'Where Can I Go?'If this is not the place where tears are understood where do I go to cry? If this is not the place where my spirits can take wing where do I go to fly?If this is not the place where my feelings can be heard where do I go to speak? If this is not the place where you’ll accept me as I am where can I go to be me? If this is not the place where I can try and learn and grow where can I go to laugh and cry?”    ―    Alice Jamieson,    Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind
      “Oh, Lady," said the woodcutter, "my hurt is overwhelming because it is someone else's pain that makes me cry.”    ―    Megan Whalen Turner,    The Thief
      “There are places I cannot visit. Places of unbearable sadness, grief, mourning. They say places are made by people. I say places are defined by the memories they conjure—the lunge of a curse, a shared and shattered history, a loved one drowned and lost in the ocean of forgetting.”    ―    Psyche Roxas-Mendoza
      “Misery is a river of tears that whispers my name in a constant hiss.”    ―    Richelle E. Goodrich,    The Tarishe Curse
      “فرق كبير بين الرجولة والذكورة ..قد تكون ذكر فى خانة النوع فى البطاقة الشخصية الرجولة ليست بنوعك أو شهوتك الحيوانية الرجولة فى عواطفك ومشاعرك و رقى أخلاقك لذلك كثيرون هم الذكور  ..قليلون هم الرجال”    ―    Nermeen Fekry
      “We laugh, that we may not cry.”    ―    Roger Ebert
      “He used to say that he never felt the hardness of the human struggle or the sadness of history as he felt it among those ruins. He used to say, too, that it made one feel an obligation to do one's best.”    ―    Willa Cather,    The Song of the Lark
      “All my life I'd been a believing Christian. ... But that instant in the ER--the instant Annette [his wife] died--I seemed to feel my religious faith die, too.As I thought more about it in the bleak days and weeks that followed, I decided the Bible had gotten it exactly backward. Maybe God hadn't created us in His image; maybe we'd created god in our image.”    ―    William M. Bass
      “Сум вливався в неї крізь тонку голку, що завжди стирчала в її судині на руці трохи нижче згину ліктя”    ―    Ірен Роздобудько,    Якби
      “(…) everything is finite. Life. Love. All this.' (…) 'Sadness too. Although that's harder to let go of than happiness.”    ―    Lauren Beukes,    The Shining Girls
      “How could she trust this man, so imprecise with his words, to take care of the burial? To say there had been a loss was ludicrous; one lost a shoe or a pair of keys. You did not suffer the death of a child and say there was a loss. There was a catastrophe. A devastation. A hell.”    ―    Jodi Picoult,    The Pact
      “Life is so strangeI don't know whyBut somebody, somebody has to cry.”    ―    Elvis Costello
      “One day when I ventured into the garden to regard its bloom,My eyes beheld on a bower a withered rose.When I inquired what had caused the blight,"My lips for a moment opened in a smile in this garden," it replied.”    ―    Musharraf Ali Farooqi,    The Adventures of Amir Hamza
      “Sadness is one of the best universities in life! Though bad things take good things from us, they do give us useful things as well!”    ―    Mehmet Murat ildan
      “I felt like the sky around me was closing me in. Trapping me in some sort of bubble where time stands still and grief would linger on forever.”    ―    Molli Fields,    Returning Home
      “Once upon a time, there was a naïve and innocent girl who thought she could tame the beast and live happily ever after. But the beast did not want to be tamed, for he was a beast and beasts care not for such things, and the girl died along with her dreams.From childhood's grave sprang a young woman, jaded before her years, who knew that beasts could wear the skins of men, and that evil could exist in sunlight, as well as darkness.Plus ça change, plus c'est la même chose.”    ―    Nenia Campbell,    Terrorscape  
      “i want to give up my bearings, slip out of who i am, shed everything, the way a snake discards old skin.”    ―    Khaled Hosseini,    And the Mountains Echoed
      “Depression weighs you down like a rock in a river. You don't stand a chance. You can fight and pray and hope you have the strength to swim, but sometimes, you have to let yourself sink. Because you'll never know true happiness until someone or something pulls you back out of that river--and you'll never believe it until you realize it was you, yourself who saved you.”    ―    Alysha Speer
      “I believe that sometimes, the moment you say goodbye could be as painful as a lifetime worth of pain that you can experience while living with the memories of your loved ones. I couldn’t stop myself from hallucinating about all those things that could have happened, while you were walking away from me today. I stopped walking and turned my head, expecting for you to do the same. I stayed there, motionless, and waited – for you to turn once, to smile, or wave. But you didn’t. You just continued walking away from me, while I stayed there watching your silhouette becoming smaller, and smaller with time, until it disappeared completely. There was nothing else to wait. “What happened?” she asked me when I turned my head again towards the platform.“She let me go, finally,” was all I could say.”    ―    Bhavya Kaushik
      “The decision to be positive is not one that disregards or belittles the sadness that exists. It is rather a conscious choice to focus on the good and to cultivate happiness--genuine happiness. Happiness is not a limited resource. And when we devote our energy and time to trivial matters, and choose to stress over things that ultimately are insignificant. From that point, we perpetuate our own sadness, and we lose sight of the things that really make us happy and rationalize our way out of doing amazing things.”    ―    Christopher Aiff
      “Sometimes, I miss so much the person that I was before the world tore me up in so many places. If only "they" could have just let me stay that way.”    ―    C. JoyBell C.
      “In truth, nothing was the same. She forgot about the stars… and taking notice of the sea. She was no longer filled with all the curiosities of the world and didn’t take much notice of anything… other than how heavy… and awkward the bottle had become.”    ―    Oliver Jeffers,    The Heart and the Bottle
      “Perhaps many things inside you have been transformed; perhaps somewhere, someplace deep inside your being, you have undergone important changes while you were sad. The only sadnesses that are dangerous and unhealthy are the ones that we carry around in public in order to drown them out with the noise; like diseases that are treated superficially and foolishly, they just withdraw and after a short interval break out again all the more terribly; and gather inside us and are life, are life that is unlived, rejected, lost, life that we can die of. If only it were possible for us to see farther than our knowledge reaches, and even a little beyond the outworks of our presentiment, perhaps we would bear our sadnesses with greater trust than we have in our joys. For they are the moments when something new has entered us, something unknown; our feelings grow mute in shy embarrassment, everything in us withdraws, a silence arises, and the new experience, which no one knows, stands in the midst of it all and says nothing.”    ―    Rainer Maria Rilke,    Letters to a Young Poet
      “My chest tightens: seeing him so upset breaks my own heart. 'Don't you ever wish you could make that bit go away?" I say, feeling angry at the past. 'That you could erase those painful memories, forget they every happened, just remember the happy times you had together?''You must never say that,' he reprimands sternly.'But why not?' I look at him in surprise.'Because it's the bad memories that makes you appreciate the good ones. Don't ever wish them away. it's like your nan always used to say, "You need both the sun and the rain to make a rainbow".”    ―    Alexandra Potter,    Don't You Forget About Me
      “It's easy to smile just to make other people feel better. But when a person fakes happy, it has edges. Regular people may not see, but the people who count, they can see the edges and the lines where your smile ends and the real you, the sadness (me) or the anger (Grandma) begins.”    ―    Heidi W. Durrow,    The Girl Who Fell from the Sky
      “How starved they seemed for ordinary kindness”    ―    Rohinton Mistry,    A Fine Balance
      “He owned a whole world full of memories, of lovely moments relived and happy recollections. I'm not saying he was happy or that he didn't suffer. He suffered very much, but he did not despair; he still drew nourishment from what he had been given. But the sadness never left him. Happiness needs more than memories of the past to feed on; it also needs dreams of the future.”    ―    Jorge Amado
      “She put him out like the burning end of a midnight cigarett. She broke his heart. He spent his whole life trying to forget. We watched him drink his pain away a little at a time. But he never could get drunk enough to get her off his mind until the night.He put that bottle to his head and pulled the trigger.And finally drank away her memory.Life is short but this time it was bigger,Than the strength he had to get up off his knees.We found him with his face down in the pillow.With a note that said: I love her til' I die.And when we buried him beneath the willow,The angels sang a whiskey lullaby.La la la la la la la. La la la la la la la.La la la la la la la. La la la la la la la.The rumors flew,But nobody knew how much she blamed herself for years and years.She tried to hide the whiskey on her breath.She finally drank her pain away a little at a time,But she never could get drunk enough to get him off her mind until the night.She put that bottle to her head and pulled the trigger.And finally drank away his memory.Life is short but this time it was bigger,Than the strength she had to get up off her knees.We found her with her face down in the pillow.Clinging to his picture for dear life.We laid her next to him beneath the willow,While the angels sang a whiskey lullaby.La la la la la la la. La la la la la la la.La la la la la la la. La la la la la la la.”    ―    Brad Paisley,    Hits Alive
      “I  only wanted absolute quiet to think out why I had developed a sad attitude toward sadness, a melancholy attitude toward melancholy and a tragic attitude toward tragedy — why I had become identified with the objects of my horror or compassion.”    ―    F. Scott Fitzgerald,    On Booze
      “And that is why it is so important to be solitary and attentive when one is sad: because the seemingly uneventful and motionless moment when our future steps into us is so much closer to life than that other loud and accidental point of time when it happens to us as if from outside. The quieter we are, the more patient and open we are in our sadnesses, the more deeply and serenely the new presence can enter us, and the more we can make it our own...”    ―    Rainer Maria Rilke,    Letters to a Young Poet
      “He’s so close, yet so far away.” – Anna”    ―    Stephanie Perkins,    Anna and the French Kiss
      “The heart that bleeds, knows true heartache.-Nina Jean Slack”    ―    Nina Jean Slack
      “Waiting for a book to be published is like having a baby. It would be nine months before we heard the patter of tiny pages trotting through the letter box, and the bookcase shuffled it's shelves in boredom and I was a martyr to morning sickness.”    ―    Deric Longden,    Lost for Words
      “That is why the sadness passes: the new presence inside us, the presence that has been added, has entered our heart, has gone into its innermost chamber and is no longer even there, is already in our bloodstream. And we don't know what it was. We could easily be made to believe that nothing happened, and yet we have changed, as a house that a guest has entered changes. We can't say who has come, perhaps we will never know, but many signs indicate that the future enters us in this way in order to be transformed in us, long before it happens.”    ―    Rainer Maria Rilke,    Letters to a Young Poet
      “He watched the scene and thought of life; and (as always happened when he thought of life) he became sad.  A gentle melancholy took possession of him.  He felt how useless it was to struggle against fortune, this being the burden of wisdom which the ages had bequeathed him.”    ―    James Joyce,    Dubliners
      “Malphas surveyed the women's bodies with utter disgust and sorrowuntil he realized Tabitha was still alive. He knelt by her side and cradled her head tenderly. "Tabby... I'm so sorry"Grimacing she opened her eyes as she labored to breathe. She laughed bitterly, exposing a set of bleeding teeth. "there are some things that sorry doesn't fix, Caleb.""Shhh, don't speak. I can--""you failed us," She went limp in his arms. Her eyes went Dull.Wincing, Caleb held her close to his heart and stroked her bloody hair. "No, Tabby. I failed myself.""Most of all, I failed Nick.”    ―    Sherrilyn Kenyon,    Inferno
      “You should not try to live without thinking and feeling, for then you are only a piece of machinery, not a human being. Even if it hurts. Even if the thing you have to think of are sad, think them through; live them through and write or tell me. Only when we completely work through our thinking and feeling do we live a full life. ~From a letter to Diet Eman from Hein Sietsma”    ―    Diet Eman,    Things We Couldn't Say
      “I felt as if something hung there in the back of my mind, waiting to tarnish whatever happiness I might find. Is it safer to be unhappy? Nothing ever wants to take that away.”    ―    Storm Constantine,    The Enchantments of Flesh and Spirit
      “You can do what you want. You can fly as far as you want, be as determined as you want, but sooner or later you have to ask yourself, or the person with you, ‘will there be everything we have hoped for?’ When you realise there’s so little hope left, it is like seeing an entire shadow all over the world.”    ―    Kyra Gregory,    Secrets Clad in Light
      “there are two word in my world first love the strongest and second chance quotes.”    ―    Rohit Dhariwal
      “I finally understand. Cancer is not a gypsy curse. It's a huge smashing wave. It catches you and drags you out. And anybody can be spit back up, and anybody can drown. -The Lucky Place”    ―    Zu Vincent
      “All the room darkened and my heart again sank; inexpressible sadness weighed it down”    ―    Charlotte Brontë,    Jane Eyre
      “By the time they were pulling into the parking lot of the A&P, the mood was fading, the moment gone. Amy could feel it go. Perhaps it was nothing more than the two doughnuts expanding in her stomach full of milk, but Amy felt a heaviness begin, a familiar turning of some inward tide. As they drove over the bridge the sun seemed to move from a cheerful daytime yellow to an early-evening gold; painful how the gold light hit the riverbanks, rich and sorrowful, drawing from Amy some longing, a craving for joy.”    ―    Elizabeth Strout,    Amy and Isabelle
      “I miss you with the very edge of my skin.It winces in absence, a giant muscle contracting.”    ―    Valentina Cano
      “I don't think irony's meant to synergize with anything as heartfelt assadness.”    ―    David Foster Wallace
      “Dr. Suess said: 'Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened..' I tell my dates: 'Don't cry because it happened, smile because it's over ”    ―    Josh Stern,    And That’s Why I’m Single  
      “Tangisan tidak hanya diperuntukkan bagi orang-orang lemah. Tangisan diciptakan untuk orang-orang kuat, untuk mengingatkan mereka bahwa kesalahan adalah sesuatu yang wajar, dan tidak apa-apa jika sesekali kita merasakan takut, sesal, ataupun sedih.”    ―    Winna Efendi,    Melbourne: Rewind
      “Rain is a lullaby heard through a thick, isolating blanket of clouds.  It is the tinkling harp of water droplets; a moist breath whistling through willow reeds; a pattering beat background to the mourner's melody.  Rain is a soft song of compassion for the brokenhearted.”    ―    Richelle E. Goodrich,    Smile Anyway: Quotes, Verse, & Grumblings for Every Day of the Year
      “I feel half faded away like some figure in the background of an old picture.”    ―    Iris Murdoch,    A Severed Head
      “In Japanese and Italian, the response to ["How are you?"] is "I'm fine, and you?" In German it's answered with a sigh and a slight pause, followed by "Not so good.”    ―    David Sedaris,    Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls
      “Self-pity” is just sadness, I think, in the pejorative.”    ―    Renata Adler,    Speedboat
      “You wouldn't believe how much harder it's getting for me to just leave my studio. It's really sad. In fact these days the only thing that gets me outside is when I say: Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck you. Fuck me. Fuck this. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.”    ―    Mark Z. Danielewski,    House of Leaves
      “For the first time in years, he felt the deep sadness of exile, knowing that he was alone here, an outsider, and too alert to the ironies, the niceties, the manners, and indeed, the morals to be able to participate.”    ―    Colm Tóibín,    The Master
      “What an awful thing then, being there in our house together with our daughter gone, trying to be equal to so many sudden orders of sorrow, any one of which alone would have wrenched us from our fragile orbits around each other.”    ―    Paul Harding,    Enon
      “I’d felt this before, when my granddad was in the hospital before he died. We all camped out in the waiting room, eating our meals together, most of us sleeping in the chairs every night. Family from far-flung places would arrive at odd hours and we’d all stand and stretch, hug, get reacquainted, and pass the babies around.A faint, pale stream of beauty and joy flowed through the heavy sludge of fear and grief. It was kind of like those puddles of oil you see in parking lots that look ugly until the sun hits them and you see rainbows pulling together in the middle of the mess.And wasn’t that just how life usually felt—a confusing swirl of ugly and rainbow?”    ―    Laura Anderson Kurk,    Perfect Glass
      “Happiness does not create humor. There's nothing funny about being happy. Sadness creates humor.”    ―    Charles M. Schulz
      “I have no heartbeat; I breathe no oxygen; I'm nothing to anyone; I'm not real. And yet I'm cursed with a brain that won't rest; it torments me.”    ―    J. Matthew Nespoli,    Broken
      “Simt tristetea pe care o raspandesc ochii mei mari deschisi in obscuritate. As dormi sa uit, as dormi.”    ―    Jeni Acterian,    Jurnalul unei fete greu de mulţumit
      “Will I begin it? said Doyler laughing. That's all that's in it, he laughing said.Oh sure that grin. Oh sure that wonderful saucerful grin. Jim sat on the grass and he plucked at the blades. He knew for certain sure that Doyler would be turning from him again. He said, You'll be walking away from me soon, won't you now? There was no answer. Jim plucked the grass and stared beyond where the waves broke on the island shore. He said, I wish you wouldn't Doyler. It does break my heart when you walk away.Old pal o' me heart, said Doyler.But already he had turned, and he was walking away. Walking that slow dreadful slope with never a leaf or a stone. Walking; and though Jim tried to keep pace, e could not, and sometimes he called out, Doyler! Doyler! but he never heard or he did not heed, only farther and farther he walked away. And when Jim woke from these dreams, if he did not remember, he knew he had dreamt, for the feeling inside him of not feeling at all. And it was hard then to make his day.”    ―    Jamie O'Neill,    At Swim, Two Boys
      “It was as if she had reached into her own pocket and discovered a small pebble, as hard as a diamond, that she had forgotten belonged to her.”    ―    Eowyn Ivey,    The Snow Child
      “Grief, it seemed, drove Voldemort out...though Dumbledore, of course, would have said that it was love.”    ―    J.K. Rowling
      “Love for the beauty of the soul. I shall love you always. When the flower of life has gone, ever I shall find you. When all is lost and winter comes, I shall be your spring time. And memory fades and wilts then, I shall always find you.... I shall always find you....”    ―    Laurel A. Rockefeller,    The Ghosts of the Past
      “Tell me you won't go, tell me you'll stay forever, tell me you love me.”    ―    C.J. Archer,    The Medium
      “The eyes of the Armenians speak long before the lips move and long after they cease to.”    ―    Arshile Gorky
      “She launched the airplane and it caught a current and circled down toward the town, like a promise of something good.”    ―    A.S. King,    Please Ignore Vera Dietz
      “From my window I watched the full moon—a moon that reminded me of Brett—become shadowed, little by little until there was only a deep blackness in the woods at night. I would sit there wakeful, hour after hour, and wonder if this aching around my heart, this sense of being alone, forlorn and unwanted in a world where there was gayety and love for others of my age, was going to continue for all of my days.”    ―    Irene Hunt,    Up a Road Slowly
      “I am a trembling mess from hip to knee. There is a terrible heat, a looseness in my innards that makes me want to dig my fists between my thighs. It is a confusing feeling - somewhere between diarrhoea and sex - this grief that is almost genital.”    ―    Anne Enright,    The Gathering
      “She became the bad company that she kept.”    ―    David Paul Kirkpatrick,    The Address Of Happiness
      “Es gibt Tage, wo das Leben übertrieben flau ist. Zu Bett gehen; weiter hilft nichts mehr.”    ―    Heinrich Mann,    Der Unbekannte und andere Novellen
      “I tear at the air with glass nailsthat have learned to scalemountains of mirrors.”    ―    Valentina Cano
      “Hopeless. Freak. Elephant. Pitiful”    ―    Donna Cooner,    Skinny
      “—Yo estoy montado en este animal. Tú estás bastante cerca, y mirando. Sin embargo, crees que el animal está solo. Te equivocas… Atardecido no avanza solo. Yo, un feroz guerrero, estoy escondido en su costado. Y tú que estás allí, y eres un sideresio, no puedes darte cuenta. Atardecido se te acerca. Tú no comprendes el peligro que trae consigo, tú continúas despreocupado. Entonces, cuando estamos suficientemente próximos, aparezco. Sin darte tiempo a nada, cubro a la carrera la corta distancia que nos separa. Caigo sobre ti y tus extrañas armas, y te mato tres veces —Cucub se arrojó contra Dulkancellin, simulado un hacha con su mano—. Mato a este sideresio por el lulu anciano, lo mato por el joven que corría de prisa, lo mato por el águila amiga…”    ―    Liliana Bodoc,    Los días del venado
      “Last night, Good Friday night, at the bottom of the escalator at King’s X tube, a weasel-faced man in uniform was sweeping up rubbish with a wide broom, drink cartons, cigarette packets with all the dust and filthy scraps of the day which he pushed towards an elegant long black glove that was lying there. I expected him to pick it up as I would have – I thought of picking it up, but was too late.  He smothered it in a wide sweep.  It seemed to me extraordinary and shocking that he had no feeling for it.  Several images went through my mind, a symbolic hand, a dead blackbird, an ornamental bookmark fallen from a lectern Bible – any once-precious relic being tumbled in the dirt.  As I went up the escalator I remembered the Tatterdemallion whom I haven’t seen for months and thought of his body, if he were to die in the tube, being tumbled about with the rest of the thrown-away rubbish.”  David Thomson, In Camden Town”    ―    David Thomson,    In Camden Town
      “I was woken by a shell-burst in the trench of sleep. Heart skipping, with eyes fighting light, my thoughts sprang up like a field of starlings startled by a farmer's gunshot, a thousand separate, autonomous specks that swirled into a single united black shape.”    ―    Will Wiles,    Care of Wooden Floors
      “Happiness got me two ungrateful sons, a husband who hates me, and a painful reality living as the shunned wife. If you think this happiness you’re clinging to will last, think again.”    ―    Suilan Lee,    Kiss Me to Spring Time
      “The day my dad left my mom and I was the second saddest day of my life. The saddest day was the next day, when he returned home. ”    ―    Jarod Kintz,    If you bring the booze and food, I'll bring the thirst and hunger  
      “It’s not okay,” I tell her. This gets her attention; it’s not what she was expecting. “You don’t have to be okay.” “What do you want from me?” Her voice is ragged, desperate. “I want you to let yourself be broken. Let yourself hurt.” She shakes her head again. “I can’t. If I let it out, it’ll never stop.” “Yes, it will.”    ―    Jasinda Wilder,    Falling into You
      “Beauty and love pass, I know... Oh, there's sadness, too. I suppose all great happiness is a little sad. Beauty means the scent of roses and then the death of roses-”    ―    F. Scott Fitzgerald,    This Side of Paradise
      “What is the point of roaming the world when it's the same misery everywhere?”    ―    Elif Shafak,    The Forty Rules of Love
      “I was shaking so hard, I could barely get the door unlocked. I just got the door shut behind me when I sank to my knees and fell apart. I cried so hard I was nearly convulsing. I had never felt such raw emotions in my life. I felt like someone had ripped my heart out of my chest and tore it to pieces. I curled into a ball on the floor and tried desperately to disappear. But no matter how small I got, I was still here. I still existed. And for a short while, I thought I had mattered to someone. I guess I was wrong. I mattered to no one.”    ―    Dakota Madison,    Be Good
      “It had struck me that the world was full of holes, holes which you could fall into, never to be seen again.  I couldn't understand the difference between disappearance and death.  Both seemed the same to me, both left holes.  Holes in your heart holes in your life.”    ―    Sally Gardner,    Maggot Moon
      “I miss your face. That big bright smile. You always had it, in any weather. It's hard for me to find one these days. These cold November days. Except when I think of you.”    ―    Kellie Elmore,    Jagged Little Pieces
      “Why did I always end up loving the person who hurt me the most? Why was love so cruel?”    ―    J.C. Reed,    Surrender Your Love
      “Oh Mom, it turns out my knight in shining armor was just some liar in tinfoil.”    ―    Taryn Plendl,    In My Arms
      “Strange that grief should now almost choke me, because another human being's eye has failed to greet mine.”    ―    Charlotte Brontë,    Shirley
      “I want it to stop," he said. "Sophie says everyone is still searching for a cure for me. I know I gave Will my permission, but I want everyone to cease looking now, Charlotte. It is over.”    ―    Cassandra Clare,    Clockwork Princess
      “I bought this place for a pittance, because it was a dump. Rejected, abandoned, unwanted. Like me. I fixed it up. Made it mine.”    ―    Jasinda Wilder,    Falling into You
      “To multiply the years and divide by the desire to live is a kind of false accounting.”    ―    Peter Heller,    The Dog Stars
      “I have cried over myself a hundred times this summer, she thought, I have wept over my big feet and my skinny legs and my nose, I have even cried over my stupid shoes, and now when I have true sadness there are no tears left.”    ―    Betsy Byars,    The Summer of the Swans
      “It...whatever 'it' is, has swallowed me and I lie here in the pit of its cold dark stomach being eaten alive by its bile and I...I don't even know if I want to be saved.”    ―    Kellie Elmore,    Jagged Little Pieces
      “Sadness pulses out of us as we walk. I almost expect the trees to lower their branches when we pass, the stars to hand down some light. I breathe in the horsy scent of eucalyptus, the thick sugary pine, aware of each breath I take, how each one keeps me in the world a few seconds longer. I taste the sweetness of the summer air on my tongue and want to just gulp and gulp and gulp it into my body--this living, breathing, heart-beating body of mine.”    ―    Jandy Nelson,    The Sky is Everywhere
      “She and I were bound together at the border between life and death. It was like that for us from the start”    ―    Haruki Murakami,    Norwegian Wood
      “A radio was playing quietly. Nobody was listening. It was there to drown out the silence.”    ―    Rachel Abbott,    The Back Road
      “That sun, that light had faded, and she had faded with them. Now she was as grey as the season itself.”    ―    Anita Brookner,    Hotel du Lac
      “She searched her mind for a single day when it had felt good to be alive. There must have been one, surely?”    ―    Rachel Abbott,    Only the Innocent
      “He wasn't mad, he was sad.”    ―    Lionel Shriver,    We Need to Talk About Kevin
      “When I’d confronted him, he’d left me and, like a parasite finding a fresh host, moved in with her.”    ―    Fleur Gaskin,    Arabelle's Shadows
      “Well here we are, just the four of us that started out together,' said Merry. 'We have left all the rest behind, one after another. It seems almost like a dream that has slowly faded.''Not to me,' said Frodo. 'To me it feels more like falling asleep again.”    ―    J.R.R. Tolkien,    The Return of the King
      “Tears flood in youyour eyes burningyour heart scars with my name scratched deepMy face is gonemy heart betrayed by your lullabiesI’m a shadow of a girl insideHands are touching younothing takes the place of youHeart wrench, weeps goodbyeLullabies, beautiful and trustingBarely breathing as they break into dustLonely corners meSweeps me off my feetShows me it was better for meFingertips holding closeyour grip not as softFollows me to an empty bedI can’t stop the weakening of my soulmy body is dyingyour tune is holding my mindLet me gosee what I doNo controlNo youYou whisper your sweet goodbyeIf it is small it won’t interrupt my sleepBut my heart you keepYou say it’s for meBut who would be happy?Alone left out in the cold”    ―    Mercy Cortez
      “Because my life is empty window of nothingness punctuated by meaningless details of totally mundane non-events.”    ―    M. Beth Bloom,    Drain You
      “But for each high, there's a low. Periods of such despair and listlessness that you don't ever see a way of getting out of it. Everything's bad. Nothing's ever going to be all right again. There's no reason to get out of bed in the morning. You don't want to talk to anybody, and when you do you end up pissing them off. You can't remember what it's like to be happy.”    ―    McFly
      “On dirait que les projets de joie sont un défi.Trop longuement préparés,ils laissent le temps à la detinée de changer les oeufs dans le nid,et ce sont les chagrins qui nous faudra couver.”    ―    Georges Rodenbach,    Bruges-La-Morte
      “A veces, el dolor es el único recuerdo de que lo que tuvimos fue real.”    ―    Stephenie Meyer,    New Moon
      “Non ero triste per qualcosa in particolare, piangevo per tante cose insieme.”    ―    Banana Yoshimoto,    Kitchen
      “That day we held our hands and each other was indeed a beautiful dream. But, we all wake up in the end.”    ―    Luke Blaise Pereira
      “I'm falling apart, one part after another. Falling down on the world like snow. Half of me is already on the ground, watching from below.”    ―    Ashly Lorenzana
      “I stood beside the U-Haul, and I just watched her. I stared at her while she looked on with the saddest look in her eyes. I wanted to know what she was thinking about, what was going on in her head. What had mad her so sad? I wanted to hug her so bad. When she finally got out of the U-Haul and I introduced myself to her, it took all I had to let go of her hand. I wanted to hold on to it forever. I wanted to let her know that she wasn't alone. Whatever burden it was that she was carrying around, I wanted to carry it for her. I wish I could, Lake. I wish I could take it all away. Unfortunately, that's not how it works. It doesn't just go away.”    ―    Colleen Hoover,    Slammed  
      “My heart is heavy, she thought. It’s not just a saying. It is what is—heavy, a great stone lodged in my breast, pressing down my whole being. How can I even stand straight and look out upon the world? I am doubled over into myself and, for all the weight, find only emptiness.”    ―    Katherine Paterson,    Lyddie
      “No one was normal, not really.”    ―    Richelle Mead,    Vampire Academy
      “Do you understand the sadness of geography?”    ―    Michael Ondaatje,    The English Patient
      “Pain is pain...Just because one person's problem is less traumatic than another's doesn't mean they're required to hurt less.”    ―    J.A. Redmerski
      “Home at last. Why was I not feeling relief? I turn in m bed thinking of the last time that I had laid my head on that pillow. Sadness took over me almost instantly. A pillow soaked in tears, the feeling of someone tearing a part of my chest out, it replayed in my head as if it had happened yesterday. I coculdn't believe that that girl was me. I was so much stronger than that, how had I allowed myself to become so vulnerable? I never thought that I would be the girl who'd get her heart broken. I never thought that he'd be the one to break it. But I was, and I know he did. I know, because, no one will ever know how much I cried that night.”    ―    Everance Caiser
      “Everyone wanted what she couldn't have.”    ―    Richelle Mead,    Vampire Academy
      “I'm pretty lost in becoming all this frost. Bitter, like Winter. Strung-out like a string of pearls.”    ―    Ashly Lorenzana
      “Trees lose their leaves in blizzards like these.”    ―    Ashly Lorenzana
      “Sympathy from strangers can be ruinous.”    ―    Margaret Atwood,    The Blind Assassin
      “A thousand laughing suns are in your eyes. A thousand crying stars in mine.”    ―    Ahmad Shamlou
      “Moisture falls from the sky, cleansing the world and sustaining precious life.  But it's the gloom—the cold, dark air—that receives notice.  We fail to see the miracle of raindrops through our own tears.”    ―    Richelle E. Goodrich,    Smile Anyway: Quotes, Verse, & Grumblings for Every Day of the Year
      “It is not possible to express the most precious insights, To see all that craves to be seen, To visit even the closest neighbors in the universe, To learn all that needs to be learned, To live without dying, And I am sad about it.But I livedAnd I am happy about that.”    ―    Dejan Stojanovic
      “I made so many promises when I arrived here.Now I'm not so sure. Now I'm worried. Now my mind is a traitor because my thoughts crawl out of bed every morning with darting eyes and sweating palms and nervous giggles that sit in my chest, build in my chest, threaten to burst through my chest, and the pressure is tightening and tightening and tighteningLife around here isn't what I expected it to be.”    ―    Tahereh Mafi
      “Through the anger came something I recognized; the sadness that can result from too many years absorbing the poison of others. - Alex Delaware on Dr. Lehmann”    ―    Jonathan Kellerman,    Survival of the Fittest
      “Dear, sweet, beautiful girl,”    ―    Tahereh Mafi
      “Because minds do blow and hearts do break. Those are not just sayings. And wolves and roaches are not the only creatures that chew off their legs to get out of traps—human beings do that, too.”    ―    Robin Silverman,    Lemon Reef
      “May you hear my feeble voice! It will tell you that here below there is a heart full of the memory of you.”    ―    Herculine Barbin,    Herculine Barbin: Being the Recently Discovered Memoirs of a Nineteenth-century French Hermaphrodite
      “And as I venture into anothers pit of everlasting darkness, I'll return with a simple blackened rose. and with that rose I shall write the stories it tells.”    ―    Larul Andrews
      “My dad was a magician too. Got in his car and disappeared.”    ―    Cath Crowley,    Graffiti Moon
      “Joe closed his hand over the watch and it was still warm from his father's pocket, ticking against his palm like a heart.”    ―    Dennis Lehane,    Live by Night
      “For certain, neither of them sees a happy Present, as the gate opens and closes, and one goes in, and the other goes away.”    ―    Charles Dickens,    The Mystery of Edwin Drood
      “Oh! To live alone, always alone, in the midst of the crowd that surrounds me, without a word of love ever coming to gladden my soul, without a friendly hand reaching out to me!”    ―    Herculine Barbin,    Herculine Barbin: Being the Recently Discovered Memoirs of a Nineteenth-century French Hermaphrodite
      “And when I looked outside the window, something inside of me churned, swallowing hard I looked up and saw blue. I squeezed my eyes shut, holding back the tears and emotions that were swelling inside of me. And then I realized, the only time that I could feel anything at all, was when I could feel him.”    ―    Everance Caiser
      “I realize all the uncountable manifestations the thinking-mind invents to place wall of horror before its pure perfect realization that there is no wall and no horror just Transcendental Empty Kissable Milk Light of Everlasting Eternity's true and perfectly empty nature.”    ―    Jack Kerouac,    Tristessa
      “Tragic tales rarely do make sense.”    ―    Gwenn Wright,    The BlueStocking Girl
      “I wanted to putt my hand on this hand and hold it still under mine, made still by his made still.  Oh he was bright and I was dark and I gave him all my darkness on that ship; but we joined, for all good things in the world, and to find somethin together; and loved, I never knew I could do it and was afraid; and on the bow of the ship that night that he said, "What have we done Christy?"I said, wonderin too, "But somethin good will come of this, I know somethin good will come of this..."Only sorrow came.”    ―    William Goyen,    The House of Breath
      “Awareness is a choiceless consciousness. Awareness is the capacity to embrace, accept and include both joy and sadness, love and aloneness, light and darkness, male and female qualities and life and death. Through saying “yes” and accepting both tendencies and including whatever aspect that happens in the moment, we meet our unlimited and boundless inner being. The inner man and woman need to find their own independence and integrity.”    ―    Swami Dhyan Giten,    The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life
      “Aika often says that she is the only one capable of loving me the same way I am is the one capable of loving her, and no one will be able to stand my twisted personality other than her and for me to betray her is unthinkable and impossible”    ―    Cullen Thomas
      “Forgetting who you are is so much more complicated than simply forgetting your name. It's also forgetting your dreams. Your aspirations. What makes you happy. What you pray you'll never have to live without. It's meeting yourself for the first time, and not being sure of your first impression.”    ―    Jessica Brody,    Unremembered  
      “Hands that never touch. Lips that never meet. The Almost Lovers, never to be.”    ―    Rae Hachton,    Frankie's Monster
      “She has been surprised by grief, its constancy, its immediacy, its unrelenting physical pain.”    ―    Michelle Latiolais,    Widow: Stories
      “Booze makes you stupid and like it. It makes you fall around and not care. And eventually, stupid is the only way you know how to be. Cocaine makes you feel important, that life matters, that you matter. That the music is better than it really is. That every conversation is profound and that all pretenses have been stripped away. Ecstasy makes you dance all night and love your friends so much, in a way that you've never been able to tell them about before. Acid makes you see pretty colours and makes things breathe. But Sadness, there is nothing like Sadness.”    ―    pleasefindthis,    Intentional Dissonance
      “I am so sad. I am so sad it makes me heavier than the sum of my parts. I shift, restless, but it doesn’t help. It’s like—time. All this time in here is on me, has its hooks in me. Maybe if I sleep more, I’ll wake up and I’ll feel different, but I can’t. The storm is really happening now and it makes the room feel emptier. Makes me feel emptier.”    ―    Courtney Summers,    This is Not a Test
      “I have to go home, Masi.You are my home, bella. I am lost without you. He couldn’t speak. There were no words to recoil the loss consuming him. Massimo brought his hands up to her face. Kissing her one last time. He had to for his sanity. And he did with great passion, knowing he’d hurt her face when she kissed him back. But she did. He heard the cry in her throat as their tongues danced. Warm tears touched his palms as they continued to kiss. His fingertips were wet with sadness. He kept on kissing her. Unable to stop, he needed ten more seconds. Ti amo, I love you. Please don’t leave. I’ve waited my whole life for you. When he pulled his face back, she cried, and he realized he did also.”    ―    Avery Aster,    Undressed
      “He looks at me, and I don't know what he sees. I used to think it was Rose. But she's not here with us now, in this room. It's just him and me, and the books. I feel like our lives are in those books. I feel like all the words on the pages are for us.”    ―    Lauren DeStefano,    Sever
      “Zoe—" I said."Stars," she whispered. "I can see the stars again, my lady."A tear trickled down Artemis's cheek. "Yes, my brave one. They are beautiful tonight.""Stars," Zoe repeated. Her eyes fixed on the night sky. And she did not move again.Thalia lowered her head. Annabeth gulped down a sob, and her father put his hands on her shoulders. I watched as Artemis cupped her hand above Zoe's mouth and spoke a few words in Ancient Greek. A silvery wisp of smoke exhaled from Zoe's lips and was caught in the hand of the goddess. Zoe's body shimmered and disappeared.Artemis stood, said a kind of blessing, breathed into her cupped hand and released the silver dust to the sky. It flew up, sparkling, and vanished.For a moment I didn't see anything different. Then Annabeth gasped. Looking up in the sky, I saw that the stars were brighter now. They made a pattern I had never noticed before—a gleaming constellation that looked a lot like a girl's figure—a girl with a bow, running across the sky."Let the world honor you, my Huntress," Artemis said. "Live forever in the stars.”    ―    Rick Riordan,    The Titan's Curse
      “I don't dare touch her. Loss is a knowledge I'm sorry to have. Perhaps the only thing worse than experiencing it, is watching it replay anew in someone else--all the awful stages picking up like a chorus that has to be sung.”    ―    Lauren DeStefano,    Sever
      “It's quiet for a while, and then Rowan says; "We could talk now. We're alone out here. No walls.""There are always walls." I say.”    ―    Lauren DeStefano,    Sever
      “Melancholy held me hostage, and the bees built a hive of sadness in my soul.”    ―    Laurie Halse Anderson,    Chains
      “Never love that which you cannot keep.”    ―    Alexandra Adornetto,    Hades
      “The weird thing about saying good-bye is that it never gets easier.”    ―    Alyson Noel,    Blue Moon
      “The next morning I told Mom I couldn't go to school again, She asked what was wrong. I told her, "The same thing that’s always wrong." "You're sick?" "I'm sad." "About Dad?" "About everything.." She sat down on the bed next to me, even though I knew she was in a hurry. "What's everything?" I started counting on my fingers: "The meat and dairy products in our refrigerator, fistfights, car accidents, Larry-" "Who's Larry?" "The homeless guy in front of the Museum of Natural History who always says ‘I promise it’s for food’ after he asks for money." She turned around and I zipped her dress while I kept counting. "How you don’t know who Larry is, even though you probably see him all the time, how Buckminster just sleeps and eats and goes to the bathroom and has no ‘raison d’etre’, the short ugly guy with no neck who takes tickets at the IMAX theater, how the sun is going to explode one day, how every birthday I always get at least one thing I already have, poor people who get fat because they eat junk food because it’s cheaper…" That was when I ran out of fingers, but my list was just getting started, and I wanted it to be long, because I knew she wouldn't leave while I was still going. "... domesticated animals, how I have a domesticated animal, nightmares, Microsoft Windows, old people who sit around all day because no one remembers to spend time with them and they’re embarrassed to ask people to spend time with them, secrets, dial phones, how Chinese waitresses smile even when there’s nothing funny or happy, and also how Chinese people own Mexican restaurants but Mexican people never own Chinese restaurants, mirrors, tape decks, my unpopularity in school, Grandma’s coupons, storage facilities, people who don’t know what the Internet is, bad handwriting, beautiful songs, how there won’t be humans in fifty years-" "Who said there won't be humans in fifty years?" I asked her, "Are you an optimist or a pessimist?" She looked at her watch and said, "I'm optimistic." "Then I have some bed news for you, because humans are going to destroy each other as soon as it becomes easy enough to, which will be very soon.” "Why do beautiful songs make you sad?" "Because they aren't true." "Never?" "Nothing is beautiful and true.”    ―    Jonathan Safran Foer,    Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close
      “My heart was in a perpetual state of sadness and the only relief I could find were in those cathartic cries. I lived a fragile existence.”    ―    Fisher Amelie,    Vain
      “...she imagines her body curled in the narrow monk's bed, knees to chin, her own irrefutable geography, but she sees the blood of her futile heart seeping out over her chest and arms and legs, flooding across the rough wooden floor, down the narrow wooden stairs and out into the old soil of the garden. No roses, no, she does not even ask to make roses, just dissolution; most any night she asks just for that.”    ―    Michelle Latiolais,    Widow: Stories
      “Madoka: I want to erase the tears of all those who trusted in hope. I want them to be left with a smile on their faces.”    ―    Magica Quartet,    Puella Magi Madoka Magica, Vol. 03
      “For all her culture's attention to the physical, it seemingly has little to salve the creatural anguish of losing someone else's body, their touch, their heat, their oceanic heart...she doesn't want another body, she wants the body she loved, the forceps scar across his cheek that she traced with her hand, his penis, its elegant sweep to the side, the preternaturally soft skin. One wants what one has loved, not the idea of love.”    ―    Michelle Latiolais,    Widow: Stories
      “She wished it were evening now, wished for the great relief of the calendar inking itself out, of day done and night coming, of ice cubes knocking about in a glass beneath the whisky spilling in, that fine brown affirmation of need.”    ―    Michelle Latiolais,    Widow: Stories
      “The only thing that will ever be real, is this moment,' I turned to the statue, 'when you made me feel alive, when you made me feel real, when I felt like you really love me. Now? I'm just your monster, Frankie. I will always be a monster.”    ―    Rae Hachton,    Frankie's Monster
      “Our sadness won’t be of the searing kind but more like a blend of joy and melancholy: joy at the perfection we see before us, melancholy at an awareness of how seldom we are sufficiently blessed to encounter anything of its kind. The flawless object throws into perspective the mediocrity that surrounds it. We are reminded of the way we would wish things always to be and of how incomplete our lives remain.”    ―    Alain de Botton,    The Architecture of Happiness
      “One day," you said to me, "I saw the sunset forty-four times!"And a little later you added:"You know-- one loves the sunet, when one is so sad...""Were you so sad, then?" I asked, "on the day of the forty-four sunsets?"But the little prince made no reply.”    ―    Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,    The Little Prince
      “People do not belong to others, either. How can the huincas buy and sell people if they do not own them. Sometimes the boy went two or three days without speaking a word, surly, and not eating, and when asked what was the matter, the answer was always the same: "There are content days and there are sad days. Each person is a master of his silence.”    ―    Isabel Allende,    Inés of My Soul
      “The death of loved ones often awakens the death inside of us.”    ―    Sandra Chami Kassis
      “A LamentO world! O life! O time!On whose last steps I climb,Trembling at that where I had stood before;When will return the glory of your prime?No more -- Oh, never more!Out of the day and nightA joy has taken flight;Fresh spring, and summer, and winter hoar,Move my faint heart with grief, but with delightNo more -- Oh, never more!”    ―    Percy Bysshe Shelley,    The Complete Poems
      “no matter how big his smile or how loud his laugh, you could hear the hurt underneath.”    ―    Kirby Larson,    Hattie Big Sky
      “I hate the sound of the world outside. Because everybody here can't wait to come and say goodbye...”    ―    Dulara Perera
      “The process of living, for each of us, is pretty similar. For every gain there is a setback. For every success, a failure. For every moment of joy, a time of sadness. For every hope realized, one is dashed.”    ―    sue atchley ebaugh
      “Tutte le notti continuo a chiedere al Signore, "Perché?" E ancora non ho avuto una risposta decente.”    ―    Jack Kerouac,    Desolation Angels
      “-إذا رأيتـهــم ابتـعـدوا لا تحــزن لقد حــان دور تسطيــر كــتــاب نجاحك...لم يبعدهم سوي عجزهم ان يكونوا مثلك”    ―    هبة محمد
      “I promised I'd save him, take him home! I promised him!" . . . Thomas hugged Chuck to his chest, squeezed him as tightly as possible, as if that could somehow bring him back, or show thanks for saving his life, for being his friend when no one else would.Thomas cried, wept like he'd never wept before. His great, racking sobs echoed through the chamber like the sounds of tortured pain. (pg 358 hardback)”    ―    James Dashner,    The Maze Runner  
      “The interesting thing about grief, I think, is that it is its own size. It is not the size of you. It is its own size. And grief comes to you. You know what I mean? I’ve always liked that phrase “He was visited by grief,” because that’s really what it is. Grief is its own thing. It’s not like it’s in me and I’m going to deal with it. It’s a thing, and you have to be okay with its presence. If you try to ignore it, it will be like a wolf at your door.”    ―    Stephen Colbert
      “Then I played the song that hides in the center of me. That wordless music that moves through the secret places in my heart. I played it carefully, strumming it slow and low into the dark stillness of the night. I would like to say it is a happy song, that it is sweet and bright, but it is not.”    ―    Patrick Rothfuss,    The Wise Man's Fear
      “I walk out the door with a heavy feeling in my heart as another secret falls on top of it.”    ―    Jessica Sorensen,    The Coincidence of Callie & Kayden
      “When I was a girl, my life was music that was always getting louder. Everything moved me. A dog following a stranger. That made me feel so much. A calender that showed the wrong month. I could have cried over it. I did. Where the smoke from the chimney ended. How an overturned bottle rested at the edge of a table. I spent my life learning to feel less. Every day I felt less. Is that growing old? Or is it something worse? You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.”    ―    Jonathan Safran Foer,    Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close
      “My Sadness is Deeper than YoursMy sadness is deeper than yours. My interior life is richer than yours. I am more interesting than you. I don’t care about anybody else’s problems. They are not as serious as mine. Nobody knows the weight I carry, the trouble I’ve seen. There are worlds in my head that nobody has access to: fortunately for them, fortunately for me. I have seen things that you will never see, and I have feelings that you are incapable of feeling, that you would never allow yourself to feel, because you lack the capacity and the curiosity. Once you felt the hint of such a feeling, you would stamp it out. I am a martyr to futility and I don’t expect to be shut down by a pretender. Mothballs are an aphrodisiac to me, beauty depresses me. You could never hope to fathom the depth of my feelings, deeper than death. I look down upon you all from my lofty height of lowliness. The fullness of your satisfaction lacks the cadaverous purity of my pain. Don’t talk to me about failure. You don’t know the meaning of the word. When it comes to failure, you’re strictly an amateur. Bush league stuff. I’m ten times the failure you’ll ever be. I have more to complain about than you, and regrets: more than a few, too many to mention. I am a fully-qualified failure, I have proven it over and over again. My credentials are impeccable, my resume flawless. I have worked hard to put myself in a position of unassailable wretchedness, and I demand to be respected for it. I expect to be rewarded for a struggle that produced nothing. I want the neglect, the lack of acknowledgment. And I want the bitterness that comes with it too.”    ―    John Tottenham
      “It is true that I am a person with black pockets of evil and hatred in my heart. There are underground places inside of me”    ―    Lynda Barry,    Cruddy
      “I preferred to look at the sea, which said nothing and never made you feel alone.”    ―    Paula McLain,    The Paris Wife
      “Pain could be killed. Sadness could not, but the drugs did shut its mouth for a time.”    ―    Colson Whitehead,    Zone One
      “As long as there is happiness, there will be sadness. As long as there is fortune, there will be misfortune.“…What’s real is something that not even the strength of the Goddess can change. The only one who can change it is me. If I don’t change my destiny, if I don’t cut through the obstacles in my path, then no matter where I go, I’ll always be standing in the same place, doing the same thing over and over again, for the rest of my life.”    ―    Miyuki Miyabe,    Brave Story
      “Because memories fall apart, too. And then you're left with nothing, left not even with a ghost but with its shadow. In the beginning she haunted me, haunted my dreams, but even now, just weeks later, she was slipping away, falling apart in my memory and everyone else's, dying again.”    ―    John Green,    Looking for Alaska
      “It was the face of a human being who’d been constructed exclusively of wounds. Not time or history or ambition, nothing but wounds. The face of a person who could probably kill someone without feeling anything whatsoever.”    ―    Ryū Murakami,    Audition
      “I wanted to tell her not to entertain despair like this. Despair wasn't a guest, you didn't play its favourite music, find it a comfortable chair. Despair was the enemy.”    ―    Janet Fitch,    White Oleander
      “love walk two moons”    ―    Sharon Creech,    Walk Two Moons
      “As reason returned to me, memory came with it, and I saw that even on the worst days, when I thought I was utterly and completely miserable, I was nevertheless, and nearly all the time, extremely happy. That gave me something to think about. The discovery was not a pleasant one. It seemed to me that I was losing a great deal. I asked myself, wasn't I sad, hadn't I felt my life breaking up? Yes, that had been true; but each minute, when I stayed without moving in a corner of the room, the cool of the night and the stability of the ground made me breathe and rest on gladness.”    ―    Maurice Blanchot,    The Madness of the Day
      “Nights without work I spent with whisky and books.”    ―    Haruki Murakami,    Norwegian Wood
      “I'd like to have a good long talk with you once you've calmed down. Please call me soon. Happy Birthday.”    ―    Haruki Murakami,    Norwegian Wood
      “Enslavement of the heart is worse than enslavement of the body”    ―    Ibn Taimiyyah
      “In other words, I was a moderately happy penguin who was occasionally attacked by sadness.”    ―    Takuji Ichikawa
      “Then, all but instinctively, I took her in my arms. Pressed against me, her whole body trembling, she continued to cry without a sound.”    ―    Haruki Murakami,    Norwegian Wood
      “The champagne had been donated by one of Gus's doctors - Gus being the kind of person who inspires doctors to give their best bottles of champagne to children.”    ―    John Green,    The Fault in Our Stars
      “Love is a Beautiful Thing that makes us to Adjust ourselves Forcely”    ―    Avinash Babu Anand
      “...in my dream the shadings of your soul are the dark tincture of rain...”    ―    John Geddes,    A Familiar Rain
      “You said I could be anything I wanted when I was older', I said.She smiled and said, 'And you can be. But it's not very easy to become Jewish.''I know,' I said forlornly, 'I need a number.'And she suddenly stopped smiling.”    ―    Sarah Winman,    When God was a Rabbit
      “...sorrow binds us - I will always cherish you - my only disillusionment is unspoken words ...”    ―    John Geddes,    A Familiar Rain
      “- Você nasceu em dia-de-sexta com os pés no sábado: quando está alegre por dentro é que está triste por fora...”    ―    Guimarães Rosa João
      “Humanity's greatest achievement will come when the happiness of some will no longer be the sadness of others.”    ―    Mario Stinger,    Destined for Oblivion: As Nature Intended
      “He stopped complaining, but now I was annoyed. I went to the roof and drank alone.”    ―    Haruki Murakami
      “She has failed. She wishes she didn't mind. Something, she thinks, is wrong with her.”    ―    Michael Cunningham,    The Hours
      “Crying out loud but there is no one to regret it ,Smile a little and they'll join the party”    ―    Naim Ibn Iqbal Khan نعيم خا
      “Numb the dark and you numb the light.”    ―    Brené Brown,    Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead  
      “لا أعلم لماذا شجعتني دموعها علي الخوض بأحاديث أخري أكثر خصوصية ، إن الدموع تكسر الحواجز النفسية حقاً ، الكثير منها...”    ―    حسني محمد,    باسيكاليا
      “I love walking in the rain because no one can see me crying”    ―    Rowan Atkinson
      “Part of me aches at the thought of her being so close yet so untouchable.”    ―    Nicholas Sparks,    Dear John
      “Dear God,I hurt.  Please hold me.Amen”    ―    Richelle E. Goodrich,    Smile Anyway: Quotes, Verse, & Grumblings for Every Day of the Year
      “She felt happy these days, yet there was always an undercurrent of sadness just below the surface”    ―    Diane Chamberlain,    The Lost Daughter
      “Here is a girl who is pretty in a quiet way. I bet she's had a very sad life.”    ―    Wally Lamb,    She's Come Undone
      “Tonight I Can WriteTonight I can write the saddest lines.Write, for example, 'The night is starry and the stars are blue and shiver in the distance.'The night wind revolves in the sky and sings.Tonight I can write the saddest lines.I loved her, and sometimes she loved me too.Through nights like this one I held her in my arms.I kissed her again and again under the endless sky.She loved me, sometimes I loved her too.How could one not have loved her great still eyes.Tonight I can write the saddest lines.To think that I do not have her. To feel that I have lost her.To hear the immense night, still more immense without her.And the verse falls to the soul like dew to the pasture.What does it matter that my love could not keep her.The night is starry and she is not with me.This is all. In the distance someone is singing. In the distance.My soul is not satisfied that it has lost her.My sight tries to find her as though to bring her closer.My heart looks for her, and she is not with me.The same night whitening the same trees.We, of that time, are no longer the same.I no longer love her, that's certain, but how I loved her.My voice tried to find the wind to touch her hearing.Another's. She will be another's. As she was before my kisses.Her voice, her bright body. Her infinite eyes.I no longer love her, that's certain, but maybe I love her.Love is so short, forgetting is so long.Because through nights like this one I held her in my armsmy soul is not satisfied that it has lost her.Though this be the last pain that she makes me sufferand these the last verses that I write for her.”    ―    Pablo Neruda,    Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair
      “He hugged her tight, mixing their tears to be bottled and fermented, so they could be drunk on each other when this was all over.”    ―    Pete Wentz,    The Boy With The Thorn In His Side
      “Rainy, gloomy, drab, sunless day.  There are times when hope seems entirely clouded over; when looking for the blessings in your circumstances feels like trying to catch a ray of sunshine from six feet under.”    ―    Richelle E. Goodrich,    Smile Anyway: Quotes, Verse, & Grumblings for Every Day of the Year
      “A writer out of loneliness is trying to communicate like a distant star sending signals. He isn't telling, or teaching, or ordering. Rather, he seeks to establish a relationship with meaning, of feeling, of observing. We are lonesome animals. We spend all our live trying to be less lonesome. And one of our ancient methods is to tell a story, begging the listener to say, and to feel, "Yes, that's the way it is, or at least that's the way I feel it. You're not as alone as you thought." To finish is sadness to a writer, a little death. He puts the last word down and it is done. But it isn't really done. The story goes on and leaves the writer behind, for no story is ever done.”    ―    John Steinbeck
      “The point is not that this world is too sad to love or too glad not to love; the point is that when you do love a thing, its gladness is a reason for loving it, and its sadness a reason for loving it more.”    ―    G.K. Chesterton,    Orthodoxy
      “Sadness is the ambrosia of all art.”    ―    Frances Fong
      “There is nothing so cleansing or reassuring as a vicarious sadness.”    ―    David Rakoff,    Half Empty
      “From that moment our love became sad, and sadness is a disease which gives the death-blow to affection.”    ―    Giacomo Casanova
      “The train blows through towndelivering reality,slapping my face and screaming,“You are alone”Rose colored memories drown,taking their last breath.”    ―    Kellie Elmore,    Magic in the Backyard
      “For each door of sadness that opens, there are a thousand means of shutting it...”    ―    محمد عبد الرحمن العريفي,    Enjoy Your Life
      “Silence is the source of healing. When we bring things from within ourselves out into the light of awareness, a healing process happens. In the silence, we can let go of all anger, sadness, fear, loneliness and frustration.”    ―    Swami Dhyan Giten,    Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being
      “My mother's death supervened, and this was the greatest blow I had experienced in my life. I worshipped her... I could not resign myself to the loss of a being on whom I counted to make invisible the unavoidable blemishes of my soul.”    ―    Salvador Dalí,    The Secret Life of Salvador Dalí
      “You know what 'Dolores' means? It's Latin, means sadness. Our Lady of Sorrow. Why are you so sad?”    ―    Wally Lamb,    She's Come Undone
      “That’s what love is like: mother of the greatest bliss and stepmother of the most tragic misery.”    ―    Stefanos Livos,    A Life In A Moment
      “She knows what it is to be sad and miserable, but those emotions are almost enjoyable. They throw moments of happiness and laughter into sharper relief.”    ―    Simon Mawer,    The Glass Room
      “He was beneath the waves, a creature crawling the ocean bottom.”    ―    Doppo Kunikida,    Five Stories
      “My life was a wreck. I had nothing, no material possessions, unless debts counts. Fourteen pairs of shoes that were too small for me was all I had to show after a lifetime of profligate spending. I hadn’t a job. I hadn’t any qualifications. I’d achieved nothing with my life. I’d never been happy. I had no husband or boyfriend.”    ―    Marian Keyes,    Rachel's Holiday
      “I feel like a real dead one: having neither blood to bleed nor any flesh or bone to feel the scars; yet I want to hold on to my spirit.”    ―    Munia Khan
      “Heads: This girlTails: That girl”    ―    Lisa Schroeder,    The Day Before
      “Life is as sad as a glass of grenadine.' ... It’s almost that. It is sad. But, at the same time, how a glass of grenadine sparkles!”    ―    Mylène Farmer
      “He felt like his own heart might stop beating just from acknowledging the concept. The sadness, the sorrow, and the loss, they were living things, funnily enough.”    ―    Adam P. Knave,    Stays Crunchy in Milk
      “I had never liked, even feared a little, this wild reach of marsh and mud flats where everything seemed turned away from the land, looking off desperately toward the horizon as if in mute search for a sign of rescue.”    ―    John Banville,    The Sea
      “Znati kako je biti sam u mraku, u mracnoj sobi. A samo jedan mali prozorcic je tamo, tamo na onom zidu. Gde i onu jarku zutu svetlost presecaju niti metalne, koje nisu bas slabasnog karaktera.Eh. Pa nije svako te srece da okusi tugu.”    ―    Марко Соколовић
      “True confessions are written with tears only. But my tears would drown the world, as my inner fire would reduce it to ashes.”    ―    Emil Cioran,    On the Heights of Despair  
      “I believe you did not have a happy life.I believe you were cheated.I believe your best friends were loneliness and misery.I believe your busiest enemies were anger and depression.I believe joy was a game you could never play without stumbling.I believe comfort, though you craved it, was forever a stranger.I believe music had to be melancholy or not at all.I believe no trinket, no precious metal, shone so bright as your bitterness.I believe you lay down at last in your coffin none the wiser and unassuaged.Oh, cold and dreamless under the wild, amoral, reckless, peaceful flowers of the hillsides.”    ―    Mary Oliver
      “To be forgotten by the one to whom you never forget is the worst thing ever happens.”    ―    Na
      “I wanted to fall; good thing you pushed me.”    ―    Mihail Drumeş,    Scrisoare de dragoste
      “There's little of the melancholy element in her, my lord: she is never sad but when she sleeps; and not ever sad then; for I have heard my daughter say, she hath often dreamt of unhappiness, and waked herself with laughing.”    ―    William Shakespeare,    Much Ado About Nothing
      “We may seem fine, even when the pain remains right there beneath our surface.”    ―    Ashly Lorenzana
      “He sometimes wondered if she had become involved with him just so that she could cry in someone's arms. Maybe she can't cry alone, and that's why she needs me.”    ―    Haruki Murakami,    Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman
      “...that breath of relief that there is someone in the world, finally, who understands what hurts you.”    ―    Lysley Tenorio,    Monstress
      “A clown needn't be the same out of the ring as he has to be when he's in it. If you look at photographs of clowns when they're just being ordinary men, they've got quite sad faces.”    ―    Enid Blyton,    Five Go Off in a Caravan
      “Comfort is beauty muted by heroin. Sadness is beauty drained by lack of it.”    ―    Luke Davies,    Candy
      “But now the joy is gone and the sadness is back, the sadness feels like something deserved, the price of some not-quite-forgotten betrayal.”    ―    Stephen King,    Dreamcatcher
      “I am poppies in the fieldRed and cold I am sleeping alone and I am lightI am lightI am light”    ―    Bella Betina
      “But there is nothing enduring in the world, and therefore even joy in the second minute is already not as acute as in the first; in the third minute it becomes still weaker and finally merges unnoticeably with the usual condition of the soul, as a circle on the water, caused by the fall of a pebble, finally merges with the smooth surface.”    ―    Nikolai Gogol
      “I would prefer to die than to be depressed for depression can hurt you everyday and it'll last for a lifetime while on dying, you can only feel pain the moment you'll die.”    ―    Cedric Go
      “She looked at me with those empty eyes, and I thought, I'm going to make sure I fill them up with something.”    ―    Cath Crowley,    A Little Wanting Song
      “The parts of me that hurt the worst want me to write something for them, but I can't. I don't know what to say. I'm lost in all this sadness, and so are they.”    ―    Ashly Lorenzana
      “I know in a way I never knew before that there is nowhere for me to go, nothing for me to do, and no one for me to know. The voice in my head keeps reciting these old principles of mine. The voice is his voice, and the voice is also my voice. And there are other voices, voices I have never heard before, voices that seem to be either dead or dying in a great moonlit darkness. More than ever, some sort of new arrangement seems in order, some dramatic and unknown arrangement -- anything to find release from this heartbreaking sadness I suffer every minute of the day (and night), this killing sadness that feels as if it will never leave me no matter where I go or what I do or whom I may ever know.”    ―    Thomas Ligotti,    The Nightmare Factory
      “He had been for many years, a quiet silent man, associating but little with other men, and used to companionship with his own thoughts. He had never known before the strength of the want in his heart for the frequent recognition of a nod, a look, a word; or the immense amount of relief that had been poured into it by drops through such small means.”    ―    Charles Dickens,    Hard Times
      “Something I'm not ready to name works itself under the grip of Charlies death and loosens it, and keeps the nightmare at bay when I fall back asleep.”    ―    Trish Doller,    Something like Normal
      “Oh, dry the glistening tear that dues that marshal cheekThy loving childern here in them thy comfort seek With sympathetic care their arms around the creep, For oh they can not bear to see their father weep”    ―    W.S. Gilbert,    The Pirates of Penzance - Act II, No. 15: Oh, dry the glistening tear
      “I believe that in a way, sadness is happiness for there can be no wrong without right, no light without dark, no success without failure, no relief without pain, no love without hatred and no Snow White without the evil queen.”    ―    Girl234
      “I wish... I wish he wasn't quite so ashamed of me. And if he could stop feeling so ashamed of himself, then maybe we might stand a chance.”    ―    Malorie Blackman,    Boys Don't Cry
      “And it feels strange, almost sad, to walk through ther empty halls. Each step I take sounds so lonely.”    ―    Jay Asher
      “Why weren’t you beautiful? That would’ve solved everything.’('Left from Dhakeshwari')”    ―    Kunal  Sen
      “Griff held his breath, waiting for it, knowing the axe would fall and he‘d start dying as soon as he walked out the fucking door, and Dante would just grin and joke and try to forget what they had done together in this room.”    ―    Damon Suede
      “Back then, come July, and the blazers would again make their way out of the steel trunks and evenings would be spent looking at snow-capped mountains from our terrace and spotting the first few lights on the hills above. It was the time for radishes and mulberries in the garden and violets on the slopes. The wind carried with it the comforting fragrance of eucalyptus. It was in fact all about the fragrances, like you know, in a Sherlock Holmes story. Even if you walked with your eyes closed, you could tell at a whiff, when you had arrived at the place, deduce it just by its scent. So, the oranges denoted the start of the fruit-bazaar near Prakash ji’s book shop, and the smell of freshly baked plum cake meant you had arrived opposite Air Force school and the burnt lingering aroma of coffee connoted Mayfair. But when they carved a new state out of the land and Dehra was made its capital, we watched besotted as that little town sprouted new buildings, high-rise apartments, restaurant chains, shopping malls and traffic jams, and eventually it spilled over here. I can’t help noticing now that the fragrances have changed; the Mogra is tinged with a hint of smoke and will be on the market tomorrow. The Church has remained and so has everything old that was cast in brick and stone, but they seem so much more alien that I almost wish they had been ruined.’('Left from Dhakeshwari')”    ―    Kunal  Sen
      “Exageras tudo e, por certo, cometes pelo menos o erro de aceitar o suicídio, que é do que estamos falando agora, como se fosse uma grande ação, quando não é nada mais do que simplesmente fraqueza. Pois, para ser sincero, é mais fácil morrer do que suportar com firmeza uma vida de tormentos.”    ―    Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
      “There’s always been sadness hidden at the core of Hitch, but it’s never been big enough to taste. Occasionally, I’d get a whiff of it, salty on the wind, but it never pressed in between us like it does now, threatening to drown us both.”    ―    Stacey Jay,    Dead on the Delta
      “We began our hospital visits: one day Susan, one day me, everyday The Big Hoom. On one of these visits, she told me about the tap that opened at my birth and the lack drip filling her up, and it tore a hole in my heart. If this was what she could manage with a single sentence, what did thirsty years of marriage do to The Big Hoom?”    ―    Jerry Pinto
      “Isso é bem outra coisa", replicou Alberto, "porque um homem que se deixa arrastar por uma paixão violenta perde a faculdade de refletir e deve ser considerado como um ébrio, como um demente.”    ―    Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
      “No truth can cure the sadness we feel from losing a loved one. No truth, no sincerity, no strength, no kindness, can cure that sorrow. All we can do is see that sadness through to the end andlearn something from it, but what we learn will be no help in facing the next sadness that comes to us without warning.”    ―    Haruki Murakami,    Norwegian Wood  
      “I could disappear from the face of the earth, and the world would go on moving without the slightest twinge. Things were tremendously complicated, to be sure, but one thing was clear: no one needed me.”    ―    Haruki Murakami,    The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle
      “There are edges around the black and every now and then a flash of color streaks out of the gray. But I can never really grasp any of the slivers of memories that emerge.”    ―    Katie McGarry,    Pushing the Limits
      “I'm always telling myself I don't have many feelings. Even when something does affect me I'm only moderately moved. I almost never cry. It's not that I'm stronger than the ones with teary eyes, I'm weaker. They have courage. When all you are is skin and bones, feelings are a brave thing. I'm more of a coward. The difference is minimal though, I just use my strength not to cry. When I do allow myself a feeling, I take the part that hurts and bandage it up with a story that doesn't cry, that doesn't dwell on homesickness.”    ―    Herta Müller,    The Hunger Angel
      “Sometime when I cry I'm not sure if it's grief or relief.”    ―    Deanna Barclay
      “It is necessary to fall in love – the better to provide an alibi for all the despair we are going to feel anyway.”    ―    Albert Camus
      “Emma is not a person; Emma is a place that you get stuck in; Emma is a pain that you cannot erase.”    ―    Justin Vernon
      “I'm not sure if you even want me around or if you just feel sorry for me. I'm not sure of anything.”    ―    Sarah Ockler,    Bittersweet
      “Mostly I have felt myself becoming a servant of sadness. I am still looking for the beauty in that.”    ―    Maggie Nelson,    Bluets
      “She struggled with her sadness, but tried to conceal it, to divide it into smaller and smaller parts and scatter these in places she thought no one would find them.”    ―    Nicole Krauss,    Great House
      “I have fooled life and life has fooled me. We are quits. I say good-bye. Think sometimes in the hour of happiness of your poor, comical fool who loved you truly and so well.”    ―    Richard von Krafft-Ebing
      “Like them you are tall and taciturn, and you are sad, all at once, like a voyage.”    ―    Pablo Neruda,    Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair
      “متفرد بصبابتي، متفرد بكآبتي، متفرد بعنائي”    ―    ابن الرومي
      “All my joys resemble more a momentary intoxication than the real gold of happiness. It was all but an illusion.”    ―    Richard von Krafft-Ebing,    Psychopathia Sexualis: The Case Histories
      “The happiest she'd ever been was with him, and the saddest.  Was that the true test of love?”    ―    Stewart O'Nan,    The Odds: A Love Story
      “Sometimes I feel like all the crap in the world is building up inside me, like all the bad is just filling me like a balloon. I push it all back, live my happy life.But sometimes that balloon exposed and all the crap lands on everything around me.”    ―    Keary Taylor,    What I Didn't Say
      “وأنت وإن أفردت في دار وحشةفأنا بدار الأنس في وحشة الفرد”    ―    ابن الرومي
      “ثاو على صخر أصم، وليت لي قلب كهذي الصخرة الصماء”    ―    خليل مطران
      “How do you file a restraining order against sadness?”    ―    Alex Adams,    White Horse
      “When people say they are happy for you it may mean they are sad for themselves.”    ―    Josephine Humphreys,    The Fireman's Fair
      “It's always almost Autumn, down here at Rock Bottom.”    ―    Ashly Lorenzana
      “Outside it was dark, but not as dark as it was inside of me.”    ―    Anna N.
      “People often say “Just look for the silver lining.”  But what do you say to the person surrounded by fog?  They don’t see a fluffy object in the sky, blocking the sun for a moment or two.  But instead, they see everything as it was before, but through the murky, un-clarity of hopelessness.  As if they were standing at the bottom of a grimy lake except able to breathe.  But not wanting to because with each breath they grow numb from the cold loneliness.  What if they’re surrounded by a dreary blanket of darkness, made up of their own thoughts, too impenetrable for any light to break through?  So what do you tell that person who, as far as the eye could see, only sees fog?  A place where there is no silver lining peeking around the corner.  Imagine a place where your only companion is the confusion you walk around with.”    ―    Sadie Turner
      “A whole tree of lightning stood in the sky. She kept looking out the window, suffused with the warmth from the fire and with the pity and beauty and power of her death. The thunder rolled.”    ―    Eudora Welty
      “Chamara. What is the word that comes closest to it? Soo-Ja wondered. To stand it, to bear it, to grit your teeth and not cry out? To hold on, to wait until the worst is over? There is no other word for it, no way to translate it. It is not a word. It is a way to console yourself. He is not just telling her to stand the pain, but giving her comfort, the power to do so. Chamara is an incantation, and if she listens to its sound, she believes that she can do it, that she will push through this sadness. And if she is strong about it, she'll be rewarded in the end. It is a way of saying, I know, I feel it, too. This burns my heart, too.”    ―    Samuel Park,    This Burns My Heart
      “The falling apart of a man's life should make more noise. It should startle passesrby with its Sturm and Drang. It ought to sound like the Parthenon crashing down. Not this ordinary, everyday kind of quiet...He closed his eyes...And still it was quiet, this falling apart of his life, as silent as the last beat of an old man's heart. A quiet, echoing thud, and then...nothing.”    ―    Kristin Hannah,    Angel Falls
      “They're indifference should not be the cause of your non-existence.”    ―    Flor Hernandez
      “The mere fact that Lottie had come and gone away again made things seem a little worse-just as perhaps prisoners feel a little more desolate after visitors come and go, leaving them behind.”    ―    Frances Hodgson Burnett,    A Little Princess
      “Steven dreamed of you the very secondyou died(So the poem goes)and you may have visited himBut I'm pretty sure you don't believein poems”    ―    Jon Paul Fiorentino,    Indexical Elegies
      “In Despite Of Sadness Don't Let It Conquer Ur Heart But Let Forgiveness and Acceptance Do And Happiness Will Reign Over You”    ―    Ronaldo David Jr.
      “Underneath my imagination there didn't seem to be anything solid except for the space where I shoved my pain and sadness. Besides that, there were only twisted steel threads of axiety, woven through my body and brain, wired into me like a constant warning. Watch out, stay still, move away, stay silent, fight back, run and hide. Even when I was dreaming, but more so when I was awake, there was the constant fear of being caught off-guard, or by the wrong person at the wrong time.”    ―    Jane Devin,    Elephant Girl: A Human Story  
      “Wonderland was all we had in common, after all; Wonderland was what was denied the two of us. I had denied him his; he had denied me mine.”    ―    Melanie Benjamin,    Alice I Have Been
      “What's the use of crying, and retching, and belching, all day long, like your lady downstairs? Life has its sad side, and we must take the rough with the smooth. Why, maids have died on their marriage eve, or, what's worse, bringing their first baby into the world, and the world's wagged on all the same. Life's sad enough, in all conscience, but there's nothing to be frightened about in it or to turn one's stomach. I was country-bred, and as my old granny used to say, "There's no clock like the sun and no calendar like the stars." And why? Because it gets one used to the look of Time. There's no bogey from over the hills that scares one like Time. But when one's been used all one's life to seeing him naked, as it were, instead of shut up in a clock, like he is in Lud, one learns that he is as quiet and peaceful as an old ox dragging the plough. And to watch Time teaches one to sing. They say the fruit from over the hills makes one sing. I've never tasted so much as a sherd of it, but for all that I can sing.”    ―    Hope Mirrlees,    Lud-in-the-Mist
      “The flowers were beaten down, their bent-over heads bejeweled with diamond droplets like earring on sad, rich widows”    ―    Barbara Kingsolver,    Animal Dreams
      “For, thought Ahab, while even the highest earthly felicities ever have a certain unsignifying pettiness lurking in them, but, at bottom, all heartwoes, a mystic significance, and, in some men, an archangelic grandeur; so do their diligent tracings-out not blue the obvious deduction. To trail the genealogies of these high mortal miseries, carries us at last among the sourceless primogenitures of the gods; so that, in the face of all the glad, hay-making suns, and the softcymballing, round the harvest-moons, we must needs give in to this: that the gods themselves are not for ever glad. The ineffaceable, sad birth-mark in the brow of man, is but the stamp of sorrow in the signers.”    ―    Herman Melville
      “precious laughing time is wasted, because I have to put up with Satan's stupid minions who smile without attempting to anger somebody else - leave us alone already.”    ―    A Gentlemen
      “Mencoba mengubur kesedihan dengan menimbun kebencian adalah suatu hal yang sia-sia. Semakin kau membenci, semakin erat pula tali kepedihan itu akan melilitmu.”    ―    Tanti Susilawati,    Goloso Geloso
